---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 143

> Assuming they retain their major character traits, what would villainous versions of your characters look like? Alternatively, if they're villainous to begin with, what would heroic versions of your characters look like? ([2024-08-23](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1276552722908315648), [source](https://www.reddit.com/comments/1el33hz/))

- Alis: Is the most straightforward (if uninteresting) character to create a villainous version for: simply remove his ability to evolve as a character.
- Solana: Given her straightforward and untroubled nature, Solana is the hardest character to create a villainous version for. Like the _kitsune_ in Asian folklore, villainous Solana would need to lose her empathy or use her friendly nature as a guise for selfish means.
- Vic: Emerges from this prompt mostly unscathed. Vic's sense of morality is flexible enough to adapt to a villainous system with minimal changes. His weirder traits would suddenly seem more intimidating if you knew he was serious about, say, testing the temperature at which your eyeballs shatter like eggs.

# Icebreaker 144

> It's [show and tell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Show_and_tell) day! What are your characters bringing to share? ([2024-08-25](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1277296940446384348))

- Alis: Doesn't have much to share that isn't confidential, depressingly sentimental, or impersonal to him. He settles by demonstrating the ability for Oneiros to pull people into their own personal Headscapes.
- Solana: Brings a selection of Vic's portholes and demonstrates their uses. She shares how she personally uses portholes as fashion accessories and to pipe her tail through store-bought clothes, and how they can also function as a [Bag of Holding](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/BagOfHolding) or a less addictive device for video chatting. Afterward, she may or may not be swarmed by people requesting to buy them.
- Vic: Shows off the contraption he uses to extract the Arclight virus from people. He explains how he planned to bring the canister containing the virus itself, but he honestly didn't feel comfortable having the prospect of "accidentally" unleashing the virus in a room full of strangers. Alternatively, if living beings are allowed, he can share his latest biological creation, [a giant bunny-slug hybrid](2024-08-24_illustration-066-067-068.md).

# Icebreaker 145

> How good are your characters with kids? ([2024-08-27](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1277927279246315604))

- Alis: Considering his traumatic upbringing, Alis has a soft spot for children. However, he would express concerns about interacting with them, as Alis lacks child-friendly interests and doesn't want to impart his own grievances onto them by accident. Despite this, he would benefit from the opportunity to connect with his inner child.
- Solana: As the nicest member of the cast, Solana would bond with children well. She has experience raising other types of creatures, which, when interacting with children, can be beneficial. Otherwise, she acts as much as any other friend would, regardless of age.
- Vic: Is delighted to have an audience with which he can share his passions. However, he would severely overestimate the average child's enthusiasm for genetic engineering and culinary science ([XKCD 2501](https://xkcd.com/2501/)). The board games and ice cream are a hit, though.
