---
humorous:
  - Ylana Skyfire
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 052 – Solana's Last Name

I've wanted to give Solana a last name for a while. As she matured from a companion to Vic to her own character, her name should mature to match.

During the brainstorming process, I considered multiple name options:

- Initially, I considered having her adopt Vic's last name. This option would show the bond between her and Vic. Additionally, it would be an interesting way to add a third Vicerre to my universe. However, I quickly shot down this idea; while funny, inheriting Vic's name came across as marital and regressive. Neither of these traits are those I attribute to Solana.
- Then, I considered giving Solana a word with a classy tone. Words like "Beauregard" or "Everglade" were my inspiration for names with this quality. However, these names inherently lacked any deeper meaning, so they never clicked for me.
- Ultimately, I landed on a name that would play on the word [Solanaceae](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solanaceae). This name fits multiple criteria I was looking for:
  - Some members of the Solanaceae family are vibrant, round, and sweet, like Solana.
  - A pun-based name incorporates a deeper meaning by design.
  - A pun-based name highlights Solana's fondness for puzzle-solving.

After deliberation, I decided Solana would grant herself the last name "Sié".

# Elucidation 053 – Two Vicerre Limit

Internally, I limit the narrative to a maximum of two "Vicerre" characters. This limit is enforced to ensure my cast has sufficient diversity.

In the past, Vic has fulfilled this role on his own by way of having multiple personalities. The original "Armin" personality was more choleric, while the newer "Vicerre" personality was more personable. Later on, after Vic found balance in himself, I introduced Alis as the second Vic. In this case, Alis encapsulates Vic's darker aspects. His presence acts as a stabilizing force, as I can't split Vic further while Alis exists.

# Elucidation 054 – Alis's Speech Patterns

As a reserved and somewhat aloof character, Alis's speech patterns can come across as detached. This is in contrast to Vic, whose speech patterns, while formal at times, can be relaxed. Some of the hallmarks of Alis's speech patterns include the following:

- Alis addresses people by their extended name rather than by a more familial nickname. For example, he addresses the character as "Clementine" rather than "Clem".
- Alis's dialogue can be equal parts terse and circumambulatory. He doesn't waste time making a point, though he will gladly lead the other person on in other cases.
- Alis discusses topics in objective terms. He places little emphasis on abstract concepts such as feelings, rationalizing them where possible.
- Alis tends to phrase inquiries in the form of a request instead of a question.
- Alis has the same awful wit as Vic—he just keeps that subset of thoughts to himself.

# Elucidation 055 – Vic's Handedness

Vic is left-handed. Initially, this trait was designed as [A Sinister Clue](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ASinisterClue); given his initial, sinister characterization, he would be sinistral as well. As his characterization evolved, he has become less sinister but no less sinistral.

Nowadays, this trait continues to influence my posts. When I consider how Vic performs tasks, I often need to review whether a left-handed person would perform the task differently. If you look carefully, you might notice this detail (or the lack thereof) when I show how Vic uses a cup, a phone, a computer mouse, or dining utensils.
