---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 049 – Supernatural Ability Structure

The structure by which supernatural abilities in my universe exist is bound by a set of rules. The following is a list of rules for this structure:

(For brevity, I will refer to "supernatural abilities" as "sparks". Note, however, that this is not an established term in-universe.)

- Sparks are considered everyday aspects of a person's being. A person with a spark is treated no differently than a person who can, say, throw objects far.
- Some sparks are considered more unusual than others. As an analogy, this is like seeing someone with hair compared to seeing someone with pink hair.
- Sparks can manifest naturally from a person's genes or be granted through external means.
- By default, humans don't have sparks. However, humans can obtain sparks through a variety of methods. Solana, for instance, had none until Vic augmented her with polymorphic abilities.

# Elucidation 050 – True Vic

Ever since Solana came into his life, Vic has shed the more uptight aspects of his personality. These uptight aspects form the core of what I refer to as "True Vic". Under these appropriate conditions, True Vic is ambitious, brilliant, and capable. He will pioneer the frontiers of science, find a solution to whatever ailed you, and treat you to a clever play on words afterward.

These aspects rarely appear within my creative writing, however. By nature, these aspects only reveal themselves when Vic is allowed to work in solitude, which means there is no story to write about. When they do appear, however, they depict Vic at his peak.

# Elucidation 051 – Phoenix Eyes

Solana's character design features prominent eyelashes. Not only do these serve as [Tertiary Sexual Characteristics](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TertiarySexualCharacteristics), but they also play a symbolic role. Eyes that sweep upward are known as "phoenix eyes" in Asian media. Given the cycle of reincarnation Solana has undergone, this motif is fitting for her.
