---
tags:
  - alis
  - constraint programming
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 146

> How tall are your characters? Which characters are surprisingly tall, and if your characters have alternate forms, how tall can those forms get? ([2024-08-28](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1278311855974256650), Kiwi)

Character height constraints are as follows:

Define the following integer variables representing length in centimeters:

- _A_, _S_, and _V_ as Alis's, Solana's, and Vic's heights, respectively.

| Logic                                  | Constraint(s)       |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| Solana's height is around 5'6".        | 165 ≤ _S_ ≤ 170     |
| Alis's height is around 6'0".          | 180 ≤ _A_ ≤ 185     |
| Vic's height is around 5'10".          | 175 ≤ _V_ ≤ 180     |
| Vic is half a head taller than Solana. | 10 ≤ _V_ − _S_ ≤ 15 |
| Alis and Vic have the same height.     | _A_ = _V_           |

These constraints simplify to the following:

- _A_ = _V_ = 180
- 165 ≤ _S_ ≤ 170

From here, we can define Alis's and Vic's heights as 180 cm and Solana's height to be between 165 cm and 170 cm.

Additionally:

- The upper limit of Solana's polymorphs is around two stories in height. However, she can extend herself to be much longer if she converts her mass into a very long shape.

# Icebreaker 147

> What negative traits do your characters have? Are they aware of them, and do they try to address or overcome them? ([2024-08-29](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1278677673102807073), Kiwi)

(Assuming they are speaking to Ishikawa and telling him the truth:)

Alis:

- He can be quite difficult to interact with. In his home universe, he falls back heavily on his psionic abilities, so in a universe where these abilities function far less effectively, he's at a loss for traditional social interaction. Furthermore, it can be quite difficult to build trust with him if you want to function as a normal human being and not, instead, as a brain to be sifted through as often as the hands of a clock turn.

Solana:

- To her admission, she's pretty passive. If something comes up she has an issue is, she's likely to let it go rather than ask about it. She would rather suffer inside and stay friends than to risk speaking up and making an enemy for life.

Vic:

- Within his home universe, he has the Storyteller's blessing; he couldn't ask for better friends, and the lab is at no risk of failure, whether engineering or financial. If he doesn't have her blessing, though, he's just an ordinary weird person. Weirdness isn't a virtue by most, so he's unsure how he would be accepted.
- Also, he can be forgetful.
