---
tags:
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 058 – Arklight Limited Operations

Within my universe, my characters operate a company called Arklight Limited. As a company, it provides services for sale. In the main narrative of the work, the exact nature of Arklight's services comes up rarely, only receiving a few scant mentions <sup>([1](../2022-h2/2022-09-25_icebreaker-005.md), [2](../2023-q3/2023-09-06_vignette-050_three-nines.md))</sup>. However, the nature of Arklight's work is a concept that is fully-defined and thus, worth elucidating upon.

In short, Arklight acts as a contractor for custom biological organisms. Through word of mouth. clients come to Arklight looking to create creatures as personal vanity projects.

A standard project cycle within the company might look like the following:

1. A new client submits a formal inquiry about a project.
2. The client receives a short interview to ensure they are a sound individual.
3. Solana negotiates the client's project. Deadlines and project pickup windows are established. The project is vetted to ensure it introduces no ethical, legal, or scope issues.
4. Upon project approval, payment is sent.
5. Alis and/or Vic develop designs for the project, and Solana reviews the design.
6. After design approval, the team synthesizes the organism. During this stage, Solana shares regular status updates with the client and provides them with an estimated date of completion.
7. After the organism is fully synthesized, Solana performs a series of checks on the design to ensure the organism's physical health.
8. Pickup procedures are scheduled. Solana transports the organism out of the lab and to a public area for pickup.

# Elucidation 059 – Vicerre's Finances

Since he established the lab, Vic has collected a considerate stream of income from his line of work. The services Vic offers in the lab are world-class, so Vic's net worth is fairly substantial—enough to support Team Arklight's activities. Vic does not have a wealth of spending money, however, as he mainly reinvests the money back into the lab.

# Elucidation 060 – Standard of Living

Given the presence of magic and the level of technology in my universe, people can afford to work significantly less and still afford a high standard of living.
