---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 140

> Which character would give the best reaction to a hug or being slung around the shoulder? ([2024-07-18](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1263432564274892830), Kiwi)

Refer to the following images:

- [Illustration 010](../2022-h2/2022-11-08_illustration-010-011.md)
- [Illustration 058](../2024-q2/2024-04-17_doodle-006_hug.md)
- [Illustration 062](2024-07-14_illustration-062_romance.md)

# Icebreaker 141

> How disastrous would a job interview with your characters go? Which jobs would they be best suited for? ([2024-07-21](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1264749272704745544))

- Alis: Behaves like a feral cat on a leash, as he can only be directed, not controlled. He would do anything in his favor to _not_ land the interview or, otherwise, turn the tables on the interviewer to his advantage. Ironically, given his ability to surveil the minds of others, he could be excellent at understanding and healing others if he applied himself.
- Solana: Would have the best chance of working in a company of people, given her social nature. If she didn't work at Arklight, she would perform well as an exotic wildlife consultant and handler.
- Like and unlike Alis, Vic behaves like a non-feral cat on a leash. He isn't against the idea of working with a team of people, but his tendency to wander off and do his own thing makes him hard to rally in. He's the sort of person you would put on a project for a few weeks in isolation, coming back with an effective yet perplexing result. There's a reason he works akin to an independent contractor within Arklight Limited.

# Icebreaker 142

> Which _Magic: The Gathering_ color(s) do your characters best fit? ([2024-07-28](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1267315868740751422))

- Alis: Is a somewhat contradictory character. Like White, he values order and structure, but like Black, his actions are self-serving and subversive. Additionally, his supernatural abilities of controlling and manipulating the opponent are a mechanical fit for Blue.
- Solana: Flexible, adaptive, and fond of nature, Solana is a cinch for the color Green. In addition, her ability to use fire magic and her emotive nature match Red.
- Vic: Is no better fit than Blue and Red. Like Blue, he is interested in knowledge and puzzles for their own sake. Like Red, he is spontaneous and prone to not thinking things through. He would fit right in with the [Izzet League](https://mtg.fandom.com/wiki/Izzet_League) of Ravnica.
