---
tags:
  - soul
---

# Elucidation 061 – Sentient Species (2024-09-11)

My universe hosts a range of fantasy species, each with its own unique abilities and traits. Additionally, each species has a certain degree of sentience, giving them a role in the narrative.

Depending on the species, a creature may have sentience, semi-sentience, or no sentience:

- Sentient species are treated like equals.
- Semi-sentient species are treated like companions and partners.
- Non-sentient species are treated like animals, livestock, or pests.

Examples of species with each degree of sentience include:

- Sentient: carbuncle, goldhorn, human, kitsune, nekorei
- Semi-sentient: gryphon
- Non-sentient: pigeon, rat

# Elucidation 062 – Soul Mechanics (2024-09-12)

All beings have a soul. The soul is what gives the being its drive and will to live. Additionally, the soul is what shapes the being's personality.

Souls are spiritual in nature, but they can, on rare occasions, be manipulated like a physical organ:

- Souls can be displaced from the host body, split apart, recombined, and returned to a (potentially different) host body.
- Souls that have been recombined can eventually fuse and form a complete, changed soul.
- It is possible for a being to exist without a complete soul, though that being's personality will be similarly incomplete. A being completely devoid of a soul is but a empty husk.
- When separated from the body, souls look like a three-dimensional [astroid](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astroid) made of light.

## Inspirations

- [Deoxys (M07)](<https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Deoxys_(M07)>)
