---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 005

> Your characters are at a bar in the early hours of the morning, drunk but not insensibly so. They're speaking with a stranger about a topic they would otherwise never share. What are they saying? ([2022-09-23](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1022744520061886505), moscd)

> Solana hands Vicerre a cocktail glass. Inside was a foamy, swirling yellow-orange liquid. A strawberry decorates the rim of the glass.
>
> Vicerre looks at the glass. He was skeptical enough about visiting Red Ṡalinnis, much less accepting a drink here.
>
> He tilts his head. "What's its alcohol content?"
>
> Solana shrugs and beams. "We're here to have fun! Don't worry about it."
>
> Not wanting to spoil Solana's mood, Vicerre accepts the glass and declines to press on.
>
> He looks at the rest of the room, concerned. He's utterly clueless about what it means to "have fun" in this context.
>
> Solana tries her hands at darts, then gets an idea. Reaching into her backpack, she pulls out a pair of Vicerre's portholes. "They're portals," she explains. "But you don't need magic to use these!"
>
> She points. "And Vic's the guy who invented them! I think he's really cool."
>
> Vicerre picks up the attention of bar regulars. After some prodding, he exchanges some pleasantries, and he eventually discloses that he can create portals without technology. Knowing this, the bar regulars want his help in setting up trick shots in darts and billiards. Vicerre is very confused at first, but he obliges.
>
> As the game goes on, the others start a conversation with him. Vicerre silently curses Solana and the Storyteller for putting him in this situation, but at the same time, he is pleasantly surprised—what is considered mundane to us is a rare occurrence for him.
>
> [Vicerre soon realizes that he has been spending too much time with his analog](2022-07-29_vignette-002_interdimensional.md): his analog hasn't gotten to this point on the timeline yet, so he had a reason to stay guarded when interacting with him—but what reason would there be to do the same here?
>
> He swirls the cocktail glass in his hand and takes a sip.

…

> Sometime later, Solana steps out of the restroom. She just finished her second drink and feels buzzed. Vicerre seemed to have gotten into one of his more excitable states, and Solana finds that adorable.
>
> One of the bar patrons resumes their previous conversation. "So you and Vicerre," she says. "Are the two of you... 'together'?"
>
> Solana blinks, then falls into thought.
>
> She always stopped by to test out Vicerre's shenanigans. Vicerre always lent an ear when she blabbed about her hobbies over lunch. She was the one Vicerre confided in, and despite what he's said there, she trusts him back. They spent a lot of time in the same quarters, didn't they? She always considered Vicerre a good friend, but... "together"?
>
> She remains silent, but her hesitation and the burning in her ears are enough of an answer.

…

> "Bioengineering, you say?" one of the bar patrons comments. "Well, could you use that to fix my thumb? The nerve's been severed ever since the knife slipped when I was cooking."
>
> Vicerre stares at him with a peculiar smile and unsettling eyes. "Ah—?" he starts. "Are you saying you'd volunteer to—"
>
> He then shakes his head slightly. He looks down at the empty cocktail glass, then at Solana. He shoots her a quizzical glance. When Solana said to "have fun", surely she must have considered... there's fun, and then there's "fun".
>
> He returns his gaze to the patron. "I'm afraid I can't extend my services to this area," he says, his gaze low. "There are too many risk factors involved. Regardless, I'm sorry about your situation."
>
> He turns his attention towards the billiards-game-with-portals in progress. Maybe he would give the game a shot next round.

…

> Solana furrows her brow.
>
> She and Vicerre just left the bar for the night, and Vicerre was pacing down the street.
>
> They weren't portaling straight home.
>
> Solana looks around. The sky is as dark as it could ever be, and the streets are calm. A cold breeze drifts by. She shudders, then quickly puts on her jacket. Vicerre, on the other hand, likely finds this weather perfect for a walk.
>
> She catches up to him, then listens.
>
> "...That was zero proof," Vicerre states. With a gentle roll of his eyes, he looks at Solana, then adds, "I _can_ handle alcohol, Solana."
>
> She knew he'd figure it out soon enough, but she bet correctly that the lively atmosphere of the bar provided enough of a distraction.
>
> She smiles lightly in return. "But it worked," she says. "You looked like you were having fun."
>
> Vicerre throws her a sly smile. He sighs, his expression lightens, and he nods.
>
> "Now, as for _you_," he says, "what did you call our relationship back there?"
>
> He feigns curiosity. "Was it strictly platonic, or...?"
>
> Solana's eyes widen. "I didn't say anything," she blurts.
>
> "Quite!" Vicerre replies. "In that case, would you say there's zero proof?" His voice is thick with amusement.
>
> Solana opens her mouth, but she has to retrace her words.
>
> A portal opens in front of him. "Well," he says. "we should both return for the night."
>
> Vicerre didn't need confirmation anymore, did he? And he didn't need to continue his walk, for that matter.

---

> "Solana," he says.
>
> She looks up.
>
> There is a softness to his expression. She saw it time and time again, but it is only now that she realizes how long it was since the last time she noticed it.
>
> "...When we first met, I introduced myself as Armin Vicerre."
>
> Solana nods, then glances aside, eyebrows furrowed. This was a strange time to bring this topic up. The gears in her head spin. "...Where are you going with this?" she asks.
>
> "At the time, I stated that I preferred to go by 'Vicerre', and you've respected that choice all this time."
>
> A light switch flips on in her mind. "...Wait, you can't be saying...?"
>
> Vicerre glances aside, his gaze skittish. "...'Armin' is fine, too."
>
> Solana's eyes grow for a moment, and then she nods, silent.
>
> Vicerre then looks at her and gives a terse nod of his head. "Have a good evening, Solana."
>
> With that, he enters the portal.
