---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 007

> What are your characters' biggest fears? ([2022-09-25](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1023600494695952384))

> Solana's fear: Helplessness. Solana is supportive of others and, in return, receives support. She never wants to be in a situation where she feels like she has lost her sense of security and is living below what it means to be human.
>
> Vicerre's fear: Betrayal. [In the past, his trust in others has been repeatedly violated, leaving him with a deeply jaundiced eye towards the world.](../2021/2021-07-26_elucidation-004_character-personality.md) While he has adjusted since then, he would still despise proving his past self right should one of the people he learned to trust irrevocably stab him in the back.

Aside: When responding to this prompt, I felt as though the best way to find the answer was to ask myself, "What would I need to do to make my characters _suffer_?"

# Icebreaker 008

> What are your characters' favorite anime or anime genre? ([2022-09-25](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1023600608630030427))

[hypothetical]

> Solana: _Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann_. Cool, exciting, and optimistic to a fault, she finds the philosophy behind the series inspiring. Not to mention she thinks that the soundtrack is kick-ass.
>
> Vicerre: Solana goads him into checking out a sample platter of anime series one Friday evening. Three hours later, she returns to find him having completed the first half-season of _Spy Ã— Family_. She thinks it's a bit of a mainstream pick, but she can't fault him for that.
>
> She tries _Cells at Work!_ next, as she thinks the premise may be up his alley. After he checks out a few episodes, she asks for his opinion. Vicerre says, "I enjoy the attention to accuracy, and I find the characters quite charming, but I don't have much to gain from treading over my fundamentals in such a distilled fashion."
>
> Several weeks later, Solana notices that every episode of _Heaven's Design Team_ on her streaming service has been marked as watched.

# Icebreaker 009

> What social media platform would your characters spend all of their time on, and what kind of things would they post? ([2022-09-26](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1024284664980045864))

[hypothetical]

Solana (Instagram):

> [Image 1] [image 2] [image 3] at the beach with the gang!!!! ðŸ–ï¸ ðŸŒŠ
>
> [Image] sorry about the late posts theres no data in an alternate universe
>
> [Image 1] [image 2] the shells here look just like the ones at home, but they have the opposite chirality. weird!
>
> [Image] i told vic he should wear sunscreen, but he just portaled the light away from his direction?? :)
>
> [Image] OMG and he brought iced tea

Vicerre:

> Vicerre wants to support Solana's adventures, so Solana helps set him up with his own Instagram account so he can Like her posts. However, she actively discourages Vicerre from feeding his curiosity through social media. She can't have him losing his faith in humanity. ...Not again.
