---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 038

> Plants or zombies? ([2022-11-05](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1038590827078881460), inspired by [the-suniverse](https://www.tumblr.com/the-suniverse)).

> Solana and Vic both prefer plants. They're essential for the continued survival of a large fraction of creatures¹, and both of them have a vested interest in their propagation. This is despite Vic's skillset being the exact sort of thing that might kickstart a zombie apocalypse, and this is despite him having killed a plant before.
>
> ¹ Except for some magic-only creatures².
>
> ² And microorganisms. And fungi³. Can't forget about those.
>
> ³ Don't certain species of fungi already create zombie-like organisms⁴?
>
> ⁴ Yes, but comparing the benefits of plants vs. zombies here, plants still win out.

# Icebreaker 039

> How would your characters handle the zombie apocalypse? ([2022-11-06](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1038902566597173321))

[hypothetical]

> - As Nia is a spirit, she can't be infected. Furthermore, she is less likely to be targeted by zombies. In the worst case, she can help shuttle messages and small items if electronic communication channels fail,.
> - If zombies are limited to infecting humans, Solana and Clem could fend for a long time in a neck of the woods isolated from humanity. If zombies can infect non-human creatures, however, they're goners. Practically, however, this won't happen; this scenario is in Vic's domain, and he is sure as hell he won't let them die.
> - Even if he hasn't touched virology in years, Vic still has access to the Arclight virus. Among its other properties, it can be used to strip the will of those it infects and replace it with its controller's will. The best case scenario is that it acts an effective countermeasure to the other virus. The worst case scenario is that zombies would gain the status of _Evangelion_ angel.
> - Vic just wants to find the virus's progenitor and have a chat with them over tea.

# Icebreaker 040

> Where would your characters go if they could visit anywhere in time and space for 60 minutes? ([2022-11-07](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1039379076605018233))

[hypothetical]

> Vic: Asks for clarification regarding a number of points. Is told "no" 10 times. Ultimately defers the choice of destination to Solana— partially out of analysis paralysis, partially out of a lack of places he finds interesting if his destinations are limited to what is known.

Inspiration: The origins of the Voynich Manuscript.

> Solana: Would like to explore times and places with rare and unusual wildlife—whether on Earth or otherwise. Islands, for instance, tend to drive evolution in exotic directions.

Inspiration: The ecology of The Galápagos/Madagascar.

Bonus: Vic's questions:

> - Can he and Solana travel for 120 minutes in total if they travel separately?
> - Can they travel in discontinuous intervals?
> - Can they choose when to travel?
> - Can they change the past/future? If so, can they forward information to their past selves?
> - Can they choose a time/place not recorded in history?
> - Can they choose a time/place that may not be guaranteed to exist?
> - Would they be provided safe travel to otherwise-inhospitable locations? For instance, could they visit a deep-sea trench or the lensing radius of a black hole?
> - Does "anywhere in time and space" encompass the multiverse?
> - What about other works of fiction?
> - ...What about real life?
