---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 018

> Someone accuses your characters of a crime and demands that they turn themselves in. What crime do your characters get accused of, and how do they respond? ([2022-10-04](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1026820182263472148))

> The phone rings.
>
> Solana was at her desk during work hours. She looks over at the phone.
>
> She doesn't recognize the number, and there is no caller ID associated with it. The phone app doesn't detect it as spam, either.
>
> She picks up the phone.
>
> "Hi, this is Solana with Arklight," she says. "How can I help you today?"
>
> From the receiver was an unfamiliar voice. "Oh hi! I'm looking for one... Armin Vicerre?"
>
> "Are you looking for a creature commission? I can help you fill out the application form."
>
> "Uhh, no actually," the stranger says. "Let me back up a bit. I'm doing some research for my graduate studies, and I wanted to ask him a few questions. This was the only contact number I could find that could lead me to him."
>
> Solana pauses. It wasn't uncommon for people to cite Vic's published work, but a direct phone call seemed unusual.
>
> She replies, "I can set you up for a 30-minute call with him at 6 PM today. Does that work?"
>
> "One sec," the stranger says. A moment later, he adds, "Yeah, that looks fine."
>
> "All right! We'll call you back at this number at 6 PM?"
>
> "Yep, sounds good."

---

> Vicerre dials the number at 6:24 PM.
>
> "Hello," he states. "You were the one who requested a session with me earlier today, around 10 AM, correct? You gave your name as Evon Terrell."
>
> The person over the receiver stumbles for a moment, then says, "Yeah, that was me. I just wanted to ask you a few questions."
>
> "Certainly."
>
> "So, uhh, you use FoldL, right?", Evon asks.
>
> "It's the industry standard, isn't it?"
>
> Vicerre is curious why this person mentioned the program, so he quickly types in a search for 'FoldL' on his workstation.
>
> Ah. That's why.
>
> Evon continues, "You've probably heard by now, but they just got hacked. There's a log dump from the early 2010s floating around the internet. Most of the stuff in the dump is pretty boring, but... well, I'm just going to get straight to the point."
>
> [He continues, "There are some logs in there from 201X showing development on a psionic vector, and the timestamps for those logs stop just before March 2. Also, I'm not sure if you remember, but there was an incident around that time, where a bunch of people in a 20-kilometer radius of the East Side lost their memories of March 4 to March 7."](../2022-h1/2022-01-25_elucidation-012_arclight.md)
>
> "...Do you think I'm connected to that incident?"
>
> "The geolocation and timestamps seem to point to you. And, uh, the logs before these line up with what you've published. So... yeah..."
>
> After a brief moment, Vicerre replies, "Well, Evon, what are you looking to know?"

---

> Vicerre could audibly hear Evon's disbelief through the static.
>
> "...Wait, was that a confirmation from you?" Evon says. "Not only are you saying you know something about the incident, but you're going to straight-up answer my questions? It took me two hours of searching to find the right number, and I thought the other person led me to another dead end until just a few minutes ago."
>
> Vicerre replies, "If this much information is in the public eye, I have no reason not to make clarifications. Besides, if I don't, I expect that Solana will receive that many more phone calls regarding myself, and I'd rather not subject her to that."
>
> "Okay," Evon says. "Honestly, I wasn't expecting to get to this point, haha, so yeah, I'll need a sec..."
>
> A moment later, Evon adds, "...So, wait. Looking at how this sequence would have executed, this would have triggered a psionic convolution cascade."
>
> "Yes."
>
> "...That had to be a mistake, right?"
>
> "No, it was quite intentional."
>
> "Okay... but it was just a thought experiment, right?"
>
> "...No. Why else would I have erased everyone's memories?"
>
> "...Wait, if you triggered it intentionally, isn't that basically a crime against humanity??"
>
> Vicerre takes a second to work out a measured response.
>
> He sighs, then replies, "Evon, I've made many mistakes in the past—some of them graver than others, and some of them graver than those. I consider the memory wipe part of that ensemble. If it had been solely my choice, I wouldn't be speaking with you this instant."
>
> "Oh shit."
>
> Vicerre continues, "To be perfectly honest, I wasn't expecting to get to this point, either. Yet... here I am, having found reasons to live a life of relative normality."
>
> The receiver is quiet.
>
> After a few seconds, Evon says, "...So, uh, you know how the cascade trigger sequence is in the leak? Is there anything that, like, stops anyone else from using it and blowing out all of New Quendon?"
>
> "...You're saying that the leak doesn't include its neutralizer," Vicerre says.
>
> "Yeeeah," Evon replies.

---

> "...Evon, I have a favor to ask of you," Vicerre says.
>
> "Oh, what is it?", Evon replies.
>
> "Check your email address. I'm sending you the sequence for the neutralizer. Once you receive the message, I ask that you 'leak' it as well. It should be effective against the agent and any potential variants."
>
> "Ooh, okay. Yeah, that would work."
>
> A moment later, Evon adds, "...Hey, wait, why do you want me to leak this? It seems weird that you don't want credit for posting a fix."
>
> "I would prefer retaining privacy while it lasts," he says.
>
> "Oh, gotcha. Okay, cool, I'll go ahead and do that."
>
> "Let me know when you're done so I can send you a small thanks."
>
> "Yeah sure."

---

> A while later, Solana receives a call from Vicerre.
>
> She answers the call.
>
> "This is about the data leak, isn't it?" she asks.
>
> "...Yes," he replies. "I've covered my bases for now, but it still concerns me that the elements are there to trace this information back to me—and along with that, you."
>
> "...Well, I don't think you have to worry. From what I find, the person who thinks the most about you is yourself. In other words, no one else really cares about you or what you do."
>
> "...Is that meant to be encouraging?" Vicerre replies. His tone was one of sincerity.
>
> "I think so, in a zen sort of way."
>
> "Hrm."
>
> Solana pauses, then says "...Hey. Armin."
>
> There is an extended silence through the receiver, followed by a short response: "...Yes?"
>
> "It'll be fine," Solana says. "Besides, I still think you're neat."
>
> Another pause. Then, a short, quiet, "okay".
>
> "Did you want to talk about anything else?" Solana asks.
>
> "...No."
>
> "Okay."
>
> "Let's continue tomorrow."
>
> "Okay. Talk to you then."
