---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 031

> What would your characters look like if they had "final battle" designs, _a la_ magical girl transformations? ([2022-10-21](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1032913902834548767),[the-suniverse](https://www.tumblr.com/the-suniverse))

[hypothetical]

> Solana is usually physical, so a final battle character design for her incorporates magical elements. She gains a magic staff and a serious, ladylike outfit, complete with a bow shaped like fox ears and long ribbons that trail and billow behind her. Alternatively, she could take inspiration from [the Astrolotl cosplay from a previous prompt](2022-10-11_icebreaker-024-025-026-027.md).
>
> Vicerre doesn't change for the final battle and instead simply drops the niceties. He thinks that the only people who need to impress others with a visible show of power are the ones who have it the least.

---

> Solana wants to come up with something more interesting than Vic's non-answer. She thinks it would be cool if his final battle design had divine motifs. For instance, he could turn on his golden eyes and summon concentric halos of crystal-like icicles behind him like a _Touhou_ boss. Additionally, he could swap out his modern outfit for a fantasy-esque gold-and-white outfit.

## Bonus sketches

- [Solana](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1020875112045613217/1037172942435520643/unknown.png)
- [Vicerre](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1020875112045613217/1036424304168022047/unknown.png) (+ ["ice" translation](https://adrian17.github.io/Gallifreyan/))

# Icebreaker 032

> If your characters are in a hurry and encounter a fence, how would they get to the other side? ([2022-10-23](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1033634520919969812), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DoctorMenace/status/1583844469375258624))

> Solana: Would find a foothold against the grain of the fence. Then, after getting into position, she would run against and climb over the fence without too much trouble.
>
> Vic: [Bleep]ing guess.

# Icebreaker 033

> How would your characters attempt to eat 10 hot dogs for a hot dog-eating contest? ([2022-10-25](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1034328991328370718), moscd)

Assuming entry is free:

> Solana comfortably eats two hot dogs—maybe three on a good day. She would spread condiments on them, and she would eat them at a lively pace.

---

> Due to the unbalanced nutritional content, Vic doesn't eat any hot dogs himself. He's more than happy to treat the event as "10 free hot dogs", however, and save some for Solana and/or her companions for later.

---

> Due to a comical misunderstanding, an event official assumes Vic finished the challenge and tries to give him his prize. Vic ends up explaining who Solana is and how his portals work. [He has a 20-minute explanation prepared](2022-09-24_icebreaker-001-002-003-004.md), but the person asking gives up after 2 minutes and just leaves him with his 10 free hot dogs.

---

> 20 minutes later, Vic shares three of the hot dogs with Clementine. He then spins up the interdimensional portal and sends one hot dog to Neko. Is it an excessive use of such technology? Yes. Does he care? No. Besides, the law of conservation of energy doesn't work the same way in his home universe as it does in ours.

---

> Several minutes later, the slower, more methodical part of his thought processes kicks in. Surprising others with food is fun, yes, but ten whole hot dogs did seem unnecessary now, didn't it?
>
> After performing the math, he returns one hot dog to the event venue.
