---
humorous:
  - Fantastic Beasts and How to eat Them
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 011

> What did your characters last have for lunch? ([2022-09-28](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1024684475902345216))

> Vicerre only started scheduling regular lunches after Solana started visiting. Before that, his dining schedule depended on whenever he found a good stopping point with his work—usually some time deep in the afternoon.
>
> He plans, schedules, and records orders from local outlets ahead of time so he can portal them in when the food is ready. In practicality, however, the food always goes cold by the time he gets around to it. He doesn't mind eating cold food, though, so long as it's still safe to eat.
>
> Initially, he rotated between a selection of outlets near where he worked on his master's program. However, he started to find the selection stale, so he's been continuously adding more exotic options to his palate. This is not a hard task for him, since he lives in a universe filled with fantastic and often edible creatures.
>
> He knew that he and Solana would be at an upscale place for dinner during the holiday, so he kept lunch light—and by light, he meant a handful of cashews and [half of a pomegranate](2022-09-26_icebreaker-006.md).

---

> Solana finished the other half of the pomegranate, but she was still peckish. She didn't know what to get, though, so she went with Clementine and the Nekorei to see if there were any food options along the beachfront. Vicerre stayed behind to watch the rest of their stuff.
>
> After some browsing, she found a restaurant and grabbed a table. She got some nachos for herself and fried chicken for Clementine. Despite the "no outside food or drinks" sign, she was able to sneak in some iced tea with help from Vicerre.
>
> After she returned, she complimented Vicerre on how good the iced tea was. Vicerre seemed suspiciously amused when Solana said that, but he refused to elaborate.

# Icebreaker 012

> What music do you associate with your characters? This could be music they listen to, a mood playlist, an image song for them, a leitmotif for them, or something else. ([2022-08-29](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1025002466955239444))

Solana is energetic, spirited and savvy. A track designed with her in mind would be natural-sounding, fun, and jazzy, although it would not be wildly energetic or land firmly in the jazz genre.

- BPM: 120. The tempo should be fairly upbeat. However, it should sound slower than its actual BPM due to a lack of strong rhythmic elements.
- Lead: Bright synth or upright piano.
  - Chiptune may be an option as well, but chiptune also carries an innocent and kiddish implication, which I do not think matches her personality.
- Bass: Acoustic bass.
- Miscellaneous: I associate her with J-Pop chord progressions, as she has animesque character design.
- Miscellaneous: Ascending arpeggios would be fun to include in her theme.

Inspirations:

- ["Field of Hopes and Dreams"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhhGEA_317w) (_Deltarune_)
- ["Jubilife City (Day)"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aZGo_HIQsQ) (_Pokémon Diamond and Pearl_)
- ["Sardonyx's Theme"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdRQlLYZpJM) (_Steven Universe_)

Vicerre is complex, convoluted, and unconventional. However, despite these traits, he is not chaotic. A track designed with him in mind would be unorthodox but not unpleasantly so.

- BPM: 160. The track should be able to alternate between a fast-paced tempo and a slower, more methodical half-time.
- Lead + bass: Grand piano. It's a classical instrument that is fairly melancholic but not plainly sad.
- Miscellaneous: The track should be slightly "off-kilter", yet it should have the capacity to switch to a traditional musical pattern. I will provide examples of what I mean by "off-kilter" below.

Inspirations:

- ["Gentle Madman"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kexqSlkVTf0) (_Persona 5 Royal_)
  - This track uses four 16th notes + a syncopated tresillo to create a lurching, unbalanced rhythm in the A-section. The B-section returns to a standard, on-the-beat melody.
- ["Hartmann's Youkai Girl"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4syvy2vjvQY) (_Touhou Chireiden ~ Subterranean Animism_)
  - This track switches between 7/8 and 4/4 time in the A-section, giving the rhythm a haphazard sound to it. The B-section is straight 4/4 and is more orderly.
- ["Near's Theme C"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APDlMiVn0UY) (_Death Note_)
  - This track switches between several time signatures throughout its playtime, yet is fairly straightforward. I chose one of Near's themes rather than L's as the melody in Near's theme does not resolve as much as that of L's.

# Icebreaker 013

> What are your characters' sense of humor like? Give an example of what they would find funny. ([2022-09-30](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1025374763285237813))

> After the holiday, Solana and Vicerre returned home as usual and went their ways for the night. Solana flopped into bed and had a strange dream about a snow-white fox having ice cream.
>
> The next morning, she opens her eyes and sees a lone, unpeeled orange roughly 20 centimeters away from her on the bed. She was sure she didn't leave it there when she tucked in.
>
> She could count all ten fingers, so she wasn't still asleep. Besides, Vic wouldn't deceive her with a dream reality for the sole purpose of a joke.
>
> ...He would be the sort of person to use portals for the express purpose of dropping an orange into her bed, though.
>
> When she goes to the bathroom to complete her morning ritual, she finds another lone, unpeeled orange waiting for her in the sink.
>
> After she finishes her breakfast, she goes to check the mail. She finds a third, lone, unpeeled orange waiting at the doorstep.
>
> Shortly after, Solana sends him the following email:
>
> > To: avicerre@arklightlimited.[domain](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-chapin-rfc2606bis-00.html)
>
> > stop playing with your food Vic

# Icebreaker 014

> Your characters are invited to join a fighting game of your choosing! What are their playstyles, movesets, super attacks, and unique gameplay mechanic, if any? As a bonus, describe their color palettes, intro/win/defeat animations, home stage, campaign mode, etc. ([2022-10-01](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1025735385348849684), inspired by [darquezze306](https://www.tumblr.com/darquezze306)

> Solana and Clementine would function as a pair of rushdown characters. Solana would be playable, while Clementine follows her.
>
> Clementine would be the primary attacker, using her natural weapons for close-ranged attacks and fireballs for long-range attacks.
>
> Solana is no slouch in combat, either. Taking inspirations from her _Shaved Ice_ counterpart, she adds melee hits + knife slashes to their combo attacks.
>
> **Super attack ~ Echoes From a Time Gone By**: With Clementine's help, summons phantasms from another time and place to swarm and burn the target.
>
> **Intro animation**: Solana spots the target and exchanges nods with Clementine.
>
> **Win animation**: Solana looks at Clementine with relief, then affectionately pets her head.
>
> **Defeat animation**: Solana collapses to the ground, and Clementine circles and sniffs her, worried.
>
> **Home stage**: Streets of Firenze. A side street in a city where the buildings are white stucco with red clay roofs and the streets are paved with cobblestone. The Nekorei would be seen watching on in curiosity in the background.
>
> **Palettes**: Her palettes would derive their inspiration from fun female characters with red hair, such as:
>
> - Elliot Torres (_Blood Stain_)
> - Makise Kurisu (_Steins;Gate_)
> - Paprika (_Paprika_)
> - Shiki Misaki (_The World Ends With You_)
> - Yoko Littner (_Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann_)
>
> **Campaign mode**: The plot would take inspirations from Solana's _Shaved Ice_ counterpart, except Solana would get answers by beating others up first and asking questions later.

---

Vicerre:

> Vicerre would be a zoner character. By using his portals, he would play an excellent game of keep-away. However, as portals are bidirectional, opposing targets would be able to use them as well to snipe him back.
>
> In addition to movement, he would also be able to use portals offensively. As an example, he would be able to use portals to hold the target in place and summon in a variety of stabby things through them.
>
> He would be banned from most platform fighters due to his core gameplay mechanic not being fun.
>
> **Super attack ~ Exogenesis**: His eyes burn yellow, and the next portal he opens has a black-colored rim instead of a normal light blue. A terrible Lovecraftian monstrosity emerges from it that assaults the target. After this attack ends, it could have a lingering effect where all of his portals remain black in color, and his damage output/damage received are increased for the rest of this life.
>
> **Intro animation**: He portals into the battlefield, laptop in hand. He looks at the target, types a few characters, folds the laptop shut, and portals it away.
>
> **Win animation**: He takes a few blood samples from his target, inspects them curiously, and portals away.
>
> **Defeat animation**: He winces, clutches his side, and stumbles back into a portal.
>
> **Home stage**: The Nexus Point. What looks to be a park in the dead of winter, where the ground is covered in a thick layer of snow and the trees are bereft of leaves. The other Armin and Clementine may be seen strolling through the area.
>
> **Palettes**: His palettes would be inspired by morally-questionable scientific characters, such as:
>
> - Colress (_Pokémon Black and White_)
> - Stephen Strange (Marvel comics)
> - Takuto Maruki (_Persona 5 Royal_)
> - Vexen (_Kingdom Hearts_)
>
> **Campaign mode**: He heard about some skilled fighters in a neighboring universe and decided to get some DNA samples from them on a whim. The people he encounters aren't exactly looking for someone who (at the very least) wants to pull out their hair. When Solana asks why he's gotten himself into this situation, he simply states that he thought it would be a fun change of pace.
