---
tags:
  - trolley problem
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 010

> Your characters versus the Trolley Problem: Go! ([2022-09-27](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1024284664980045864))

> "Tell me, Solana, have you heard of the Trolley Problem?"
>
> Vicerre takes a fork, brings a piece of cheesecake to his mouth, and eats.
>
> The two of them found a place to dine this evening. Vicerre finished the fish and moved onto dessert, while Solana was still finishing her chowder, [trying to wash the ocean salt out of her mouth.](2022-09-28_icebreaker-007-008-009.md)
>
> Solana nods. She then says, "Yeah, I learned about it in one of my electives."
>
> After finishing his next bite, Vicerre pauses to ask, "What do you think of it?"
>
> Solana looks at him, then frowns. "You'd need to be sadistic to put everyone in that setup," she says. "If it were me, I'd want to stop the person who put us there in the first place."
>
> Vicerre tilts his head. "Is that right?" he says, curious. "Is there no case where you would focus on the people whose lives were at risk?"
>
> Solana nods firmly. "Yeah. Actually, can you grab me a pen? I want to jot things down."
>
> Vicerre portals a pen next to her hand. Solana clears the space between her and Vicerre, then takes the pen and a nearby napkin to the in-between space.
>
> Solana scribbles furiously. "Okay, so if we assume there's no sadistic person who set the thing up, then the people in the scenario shouldn't be tied to the tracks. If the people aren't tied to the tracks, then they can get out of the way once they see the train coming. We can change things so the people are forced to be in danger another way, but then we get a different setup, and we can't say whether the decision you make then would make sense if you tried it with the original setup."
>
> She finishes scribbling, stares at the napkin, and says, "So... I think what this problem really asks us is how we react when we need to make a cruel decision. It's hard to call this a problem of ethics when the setup was unethical to begin with. It misses the bigger picture."
>
> She puts the pen down, and her gaze turns dull. "...But if I had no other choice? I don't think I could pull the lever. At that point, I'd already be at the mercy of whoever set this thing up. I've done all I can, and having the illusion of choice isn't really a choice, you know?"
>
> She looks up to find Vicerre staring at her. He seems pensive. She realizes she got too heavy in her response to the question.
>
> She reaches out for Vicerre's hand, then places the pen in it.
>
> Vicerre stares at the pen, then at Solana, confused.
>
> Solana smirks. "Come on, Vic," she says, "you asked that question so you could show off your smartass third option, didn't you?"
>
> At first, Vicerre looks aside, more confused than ever. A short while later, though, he smiles gently at her. "I suppose I do have one of those."
>
> The pen jerks upright in his hand, and he begins sketching on the napkin.
