---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 001

> What are your characters' favorite weather conditions? ([2022-09-19](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1021412432255647854))

> Solana: I like days when the weather is just right. Warm, a few clouds in the sky, and maybe a nice breeze or sprinkle here and there. Oh, and flowers! I love the smell when they're all in bloom. It's a perfect time to be out and walking with Clem.
>
> Vicerre: It is difficult to list clear favorites to topics such as this one when there are no objectives. Regardless, I can provide some input. I do enjoy quiet afternoons just after a fresh snowfall. The earth appears quite haunting after snow has painted it a cold, austere white. I also do enjoy the time of autumn when the trees shed their leaves. In particular, I enjoy the sound leaves make as they crumble underneath people's feet. In either case, a harsh, dry gust doesn't hurt, either—it makes me feel more alive.

# Icebreaker 002

> Your characters must go on an all-expenses-paid vacation. Where are they going, and what are they doing? ([2022-09-20](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1021614460370178098))

> "A vacation?" Solana echoes.
>
> A vacation," Vicerre replies.
>
> Solana frowns. "The Storyteller isn't the sort of person who knows what to do with vacation time," she murmurs.
>
> "...Which extends to us," Vicerre says, deflated.
>
> Solana looks down in contemplation. "I mean, I guess going to a tropical area with a beach is a safe bet. I like how soft the sand is under my toes, and I like collecting shells along the shore."
>
> She turns to Vicerre. "What about you?"
>
> Vicerre looks back, an amused smile on his face. "A beach, is it?" he says. "You should think bigger, Solana."
>
> Solana looks at Vicerre with intrigue.
>
> Vicerre continues, "Consider that I've opened up the use of the Dream World as a service. Wouldn't you say that this would be a locale worthy of a particularly extended vacation—one at a premium?"
>
> Solana thinks for a moment, then presses her fingertips against her forehead. "Dang it, Vic." She sighs, smiling. "This is a hypothetical characterization exercise. You are _not_ using it to expense your projects!"

# Icebreaker 003

> What are your characters' thoughts on pomegranates? ([2022-09-21](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1022290061695406080))

> "I mean, they're fine?" Solana says. "They're sweet and have a fun texture compared to other fruits. They're a bit messy, though, so they aren't my first pick." She smiles. "It's fun to share them with Clem, though."
>
> Vicerre takes a moment to think. Then, he says, "They are red. They are sweet. They can be liquified. And they stain easily." He looks forward. "In my eyes, those are all compelling qualities."
>
> Solana looks at Vicerre. "...You're not going to explain that answer in any more detail, are you?"
>
> Vicerre replies with a wry smile. "Now, who would I be if my answers were so straightforward?"
>
> "A nerd."

# Icebreaker 004

> What's one topic that, if mentioned, sends your characters headlong into a 20-minute rant? Alternatively, what's one topic your characters can talk about, TED Talk-style, for 20 minutes? ([2022-09-22](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1022641070439411762))

> Vicerre: To be quite honest, there's no shortage of topics I can tell you regarding my research. When you've traveled to worlds where magic doesn't exist, or magic operates by different rules, there is much to discover and document.
>
> Now, the issue with this question is how it's presented. Could I discuss such topics? Yes. Would I? Absolutely not. Some of this knowledge would unravel the very fabric of our reality if misapplied. ...Well—aha—more than how it's unraveled so far.
>
> ...I suppose I could elucidate on some matters, however. For instance, the practical applications and limitations of being able to manifest portals. For instance, why doesn't reality break if I were, to, say, place one portal inside another? And does the conversation of energy principle apply to portals? Those I think would be interesting topics to discuss.

---

> Solana: Okay, I'm going to skip over "Vicerre" as a topic for this question. Why? Well, I mean, that's an obvious one, and two, it won't tell you anything the Storyteller hasn't told you already.
>
> ...This is a hard question, though. Like, I could tell you all about the friends I've made during my adventures, like Clem and Zada, but I feel like that answer doesn't follow the spirit of the question, either. In both cases, I'd be talking about some<i>one</i> rather than some<i>thing</i>, which is what I think the question is going for. I guess I'm just more interested in people than things?
>
> I could work with that as a starting point, though. I could talk about what it means to understand and be friends with someone, as different as they might be.
