---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 024

> What are your characters dressing up as for Halloween? Alternatively, if they're a Halloween monster already: what other Halloween monster would they be choose to be? ([2022-10-08](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1028256483290386516))

> Solana pulls out an old cosplay of an Astrolotl-inspired gijinka she made for a past anime convention. She customizes the outfit to look more witch-like instead of lady-like to fit the season. No one is going to know what the reference is, but that's fine! She gets to explain the backstory behind Astrolotl and tell them about the cool project it was designed for.

---

> Solana offers to design something for Vic.
>
> Vic wonders if they were going to any Halloween parties for an outfit to be worth the time.
>
> Solana points out that she reused her outfit from an anime convention, so it acts as an investment for future events.
>
> Vic wonders if that means they would be attending an anime convention sometime in the future.
>
> Both of them quickly decide that any variation of "mad scientist and his lovely assistant" are too on-the-nose. Vic trusts Solana to pick something that would be fun.
>
> After some thought, Solana asks if he'd be willing to rock red velvet, because she thinks that he could make a good Twelve. He's got the "relative dimensions" part, the stick insect look, and the character arc.
>
> She then clarifies that she means the character from _Doctor Who_.
>
> Vic asks if he'd need to dye his hair for that.
>
> Solana shakes her head in response, but at the same time, she seems to be taken off-guard. There was no hesitation from him, and instead, he asked a clarifying question that showed familiarity. Vic's surprises weren't limited to [oranges](2022-10-08_icebreaker-019-020-021-022-023.md) and [iced tea](2022-09-28_icebreaker-007-008-009.md), it would seem.
>
> She then slowly asks if she should get a second pass for the upcoming anime convention.
>
> Vic thinks it might be fun.

# Icebreaker 025

> What inspires you to create your characters? Do you ever update or delete them? ([2022-10-09](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1028592908942712842))

I originally created my characters for role playing purposes, but they've evolved through the years on an as-needed basis. In general, they serve as my guinea pigs—characters through which I can test ideas in a sandbox environment. At times, they act as figments in my head and help me evaluate problems from a pseudo-third person perspective.

As my characters act as extensions of myself, they change as I do.

In general, I don't "delete" characters. Instead, any characters I no longer require are recycled.

# Icebreaker 026

> What would your characters be like if they were playable in _Genshin Impact_? If you're unfamiliar with _Genshin Impact_, pick another JRPG. ([2022-10-10](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1028994240950325278), [inspiration](https://mobile.twitter.com/LindaSejic/status/1514111960832528388))

> As Solana and Vicerre are fire- and ice-themed, respectively, they would pair well as Pyro and Cryo characters, specializing in Melt Reactions.
>
> Solana: By process of elimination, Solana would use a Sword in combat, as that is the only weapon that is neither unwieldy, nor requires accuracy, nor requires magic. She would play a supporting role and summon Pyro spirits that could be used in Elemental Reactions.
>
> Vicerre: Thematically, Vicerre best fits as a Catalyst user. However, considering in-game mechanics, he would manipulate a Polearm instead. This weapon, coupled with his merciless, precise attacking style, lets him excel at DPS and/or burst damage.

# Icebreaker 027

> What font would your character use when speaking? ([2022-10-11](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1029353491170349126))

<!-- Typography terms: https://www.canva.com/learn/typography-terms/ -->

> Vicerre prefers a functional font that cuts to the heart of what he says. A humanist monospaced font would be his preference—semi-serif, to provide the right balance between formal and casual. As he has a narrow, angular design, a font with a light weight and tapered vertices on 'A' and 'V' would match.
>
> Inconsolata would fit him nicely. For more casual moments, PT Sans fits well.

---

> Solana would be open to fonts that are less readable but have personality. However, the font shouldn't be art first and text second. For that reason, a sans-serif font suits her. Additionally, as she is reliable and considerate, a font that uses square terminals and open apertures + enclosures suits her. Lastly, as she is fairly inclusive, she would use a font that has support for character sets beyond the Latin alphabet.
>
> Considering these criteria, Noto Sans is her best option.
