---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 015

> Describe your characters' talents, skills, and/or abilities. What are they, what are their limitations, and what do your characters use them for? ([2022-10-02](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1026100305164771338))

> Vicerre wasn't born with [the ability to manifest portals](../2021/2021-07-03_elucidation-001_portals.md), nor [the ability to manifest ice](../2021/2021-07-10_elucidation-003_ice-mechanics.md).
>
> What he did have, though, is a natural curiosity of the world around him and a drive to follow this curiosity to its logical conclusion. When a defining hallmark of your home dimension is the presence of creatures with supernatural abilities, bioengineering just seemed like the skeleton key that unlocks every possibility. The portals and ice were just a side effect.
>
> There's no simple answer to why he has the ability to manifest portals or ice; Dream World logic does as Dream World logic does. If he wanted to, he could retune what abilities he as. However, he finds his current set of abilities more than enough for everyday use.
>
> In the past, he would use these abilities to antagonize others with extreme prejudice. Nowadays, though, they mainly serve as conveniences.
>
> The ability to manifest portals act as a storytelling shortcut, as it streamlines travel time/logistics and allows the writer to place focus on the interesting parts of a prompt.
>
> [Also, he makes a mean glass of iced tea.](../2021/2021-11-29_illustration-005_nerds.md)

---

> Solana would say she's pretty average skill-wise, although that's her being humble. In-universe, she relies on her empathy and savviness to traverse situations, although she's not a pushover, either. Considering that her setting revolves around character-driven interactions, the ability to influence said interactions is powerful.
>
> [She is also a decent singer.](../2021/2021-12-23_rendition-012_river-song.md)

# Icebreaker 016

> Macs or PCs? ([2022-10-02](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1026100483355594802))

[hypothetical]

> Solana: She would be comfortable working with either operating system. She would have a preference for Mac, as a lot of creative software is Mac-exclusive (e.g. Sketch, Logic)—not that she would need it immediately. She would be intrigued that there is a browser called Firefox, and she would download it and stick with it because it seems to work fine.
>
> Vicerre: He would be stuck using PCs for work, since a lot of the (incredibly outdated) tools he needs are designed for PCs only. He would likely be savvy enough to write some shell scripts for anything that hampers his productivity, and he would pick up Vim while he was at it.

# Icebreaker 017

> How did your characters get their names? The explanation can be an in-universe one or out-of-universe one. ([2022-10-03](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1026453908178087986))

- The name "Armin Vicerre" was inspired by the Pokémon Arceus, as in his earliest incarnations, he had a bit of a god complex. "Vicerre" is crafted from phonemes that sounded sinister, but it has no inspiration in particular.
- "Solana" is inspired by "sol" (as in the sun), as well as the name of another person's character.
- "Clementine" is a name and a sweet, orange fruit, which fits her personality.
- "Nekorei" literally means "cat spirit".
