---
tags:
  - solana
  - storyteller
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 028

> Do your characters have any pets or related companions (e.g. familiars)? If not, what would they get as a pet? ([2022-10-12](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1029695790983172106))

> Solana would be aghast if anyone called Clem or Neko "pets". Replace the term "pet" with "companion" and she would agree, though. Clem is a fire kitsune and Neko is a cat spirit, and they're both just as sentient as humans.
>
> Vic would say that Solana thinks of him as her companion.

# Icebreaker 029

> What would your OC do if they knew they only had 24 hours left to live? ([2022-10-13](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1030069375417462815), canonically takes place after the 2022-10-07 prompt)

> "You already erased the dream machine."
>
> Yep.
>
> "The one that took me months to research, design, and assemble."
>
> Yeah...? I couldn't let him tamper with the world like that.
>
> Vicerre seemed remarkably calm as I said this, as if it weren't a flagrant use of narrative abilities.
>
> "And the interdimensional portal. That one took weeks of planning after you discovered my analog."
>
> I let him keep the portal, but I didn't leave him access to anything that might save him through it.
>
> "...The vector inverters, too?"
>
> Yep, I erased those. They had been collecting dust for years, and they wouldn't be able to undo a walking _diabolus ex machina_, anyway.
>
> Vicerre wasn't sure whether to be flattered or not about receiving this divine intervention.

---

> Vicerre had been silent for a full four minutes.
>
> He then said, "I can't outpace you. Every option I can take, you can predict. Every action I take against that, you can predict as well. You offered me a board state where the game is solved in your favor."
>
> For better or worse, I literally couldn't _not_ do that.
>
> "But," he said, "If you wanted me dead, you would have done it without 24 hours' warning. With prompts like these, the destination is never the true goal." He looked at me warmly. "Instead, you wanted me to slow down and have a good think about myself."
>
> :)
>
> He ran his fingers through his hair. "How self-fulfilling," he said. "If you hadn't erased my contingencies, I wouldn't have taken the time and realized how vulnerable I could be if I tried. And yet, once I had come to that realization, those erasures wouldn't have been necessary in the first place."
>
> And there it was, as if on cue.
>
> I then asked Vic if he wanted his plot devices restored.
>
> He rolled his eyes and gave a sardonic smile. "You and your tests of character, Storyteller. [You're even worse than my analog,](2022-07-29_vignette-002_interdimensional.md)" he murmured.
>
> Well, his analog had to come from somewhere.
>
> His smile became gentle, and he said, "I'll be fine."

# Icebreaker 030

> What are your characters' relationship dynamics? Explain your reasoning. ([2022-10-14](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1030430529243332689))

- Clementine/Neko: Good buddies. Neko often takes Clem on her idea of adventures, and Clem comes along and minds her.
- Clem/Solana: Longtime friends. Clem is Solana's oldest companion, so they're both fond of each other.
- Clem/Vic: Uncertain. Clem is nice to Vic, and Vic is professional with Clem. However, Vic can't bring himself be on better terms with her due to past guilt.
- Neko/Solana: Curious kid + parent trying to keep things fun but also trying to keep her kid in check.
- Neko/Vic: Curious kid + parent who actively helps his kid partake in her shenanigans.
- Solana/Vic: Nerds who complement each other's needs. Solana knows about shipping and is conflicted about shipping dynamics. Vic knows about shipping and <s>hasn't given it much thought</s> / <s>is actively thinking about it</s> / supposes shipping him and Solana makes sense.
