---
tags:
  - solana
  - storyteller
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 006

> Your characters are getting gifts for each other for a holiday gift exchange! What are they getting each other, and what is the other's reaction? ([2022-09-24](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1023268084091453471))

> Vicerre glowers past the fourth wall. "...You are having far too much fun with these prompts, aren't you, Storyteller?"
>
> ...Yes. Yes I am.
>
> He fidgets with his hands, then grumbles, "What fun are gifts if you telegraph them ahead of time? All that does is raise the receiver's expectations. Wouldn't you rather receive a gift as an unexpected bonus?"
>
> Solana shrugs. "Hey, it's fine with me." She smiles at him. "You could just show me one of the projects you've been working on."
>
> She thinks for a moment, and then her eyes light up. "How about I go first?"
>
> Vicerre looks at Solana, and he waves his hands frivolously in her direction.
>
> "No, no, no," he states. "You don't need to. I _sincerely_ mean that."
>
> "Ah, shush," she replies. "It's in the kitchen already. I hid it above the northwest-most cupboard."
>
> Vicerre pinches the bridge of his nose, sighs, and smiles. He then opens a portal in front of him and looks through it.
>
> "Oh," he says, nonplussed. "...I suppose that is quite convenient."
>
> "I thought you might enjoy it," Solana says.
>
> Vicerre nods.
>
> "You're not going to comment on what it is?" Solana says.
>
> Vicerre smirks. "I'll decline. That way, the onus is on the Storyteller to resolve this intrigue, what now with these raised expectations."
>
> I suppose Vicerre has me beat there. I'll see if I can explain what this is in due time.

---

> Solana nudges Vicerre. "Anyway, it's your turn."
>
> Vicerre replies, "...Right."
>
> He opens a portal, at which point something small, firm, red, and round drops into her lap.
>
> ["...It's a pomegranate," she says.](2022-09-24_icebreaker-001-002-003-004.md)

---

> "Look closer."
>
> Solana looks at Vicerre in confusion, then holds up the pomegranate in her hands. "I... don't see anything special about it?"
>
> Vicerre looks away from her and gestures markedly towards the portal.
>
> Solana looks at the portal. Slowly, her eyelids grow wide.
>
> [On the other side of the portal are clear skies, warm sand, and crashing waves. The sky is warm, but not overly so, and a gentle breeze drifts in through the portal, carrying the scent of sea foam.](2022-09-24_icebreaker-001-002-003-004.md)
>
> Solana turns to see Vicerre, astonished.
>
> "My last client left me a generous tip," he says.
>
> He then wryly smiles. "So I figured... if this is a holiday gift exchange, why not gift you a holiday?"
>
> Solana smushes her hand against her face, beaming widely through the fingers.
>
> ["...You absolute nerd."](2022-09-24_icebreaker-001-002-003-004.md)
