---
tags:
  - alis
  - horn and ivory
  - trace
---

# Elucidation 064 – Horn and Ivory

Following the establishment of his lab, Alis started his own business, Horn and Ivory. Using the skills and resources acquired from the Oneiros Project, he specializes in the creation of synthetic constructs called Traces.

# Elucidation 065 – Traces

- Traces are quasi-sentient illusions reconstructed from the memories an individual has of a person. Traces appear to have a consciousness resembling that of the original person, but in actuality, they're simply highly-advanced psionic "programs".
- Traces manifest as three-dimensional holograms projected from an artificial crystal core. These holograms act autonomously and are no larger than 15 cm.
- As Traces are made of light, they can't interact with the world directly. However, they can move around in it and communicate with people in it.
- Traces are ephemeral by nature. They cannot retain long-term memories.

## Design notes

- The concept of Traces stems from services like [Character.AI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Character.ai) that create artificial facsimiles of human interaction.
- The visual design of Traces is inspired by [Deoxys](<https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Deoxys_(M07)#/media/File:Second_Deoxys_light_form.png>) of _Destiny Deoxys_.
- Alternate names for a Trace considered include:
  - Curio (too antiquated)
  - Echo (too poetic)
  - Fabrication (too technical)
  - Fancy (too posh)
  - Figment (not bad, just simple)
  - Whimsy (too whimsical)
