---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 117

> On a scale from 1 to 10, how poor are your characters' tempers? On this scale, temper gets worse as you go up. Bonus points for potential explanations or a diagram. ([2024-03-30](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1223591159616503880), Kiwi)

- Alis: 7. He knows what it's like to harbor resentment, and as a consequence, weaponizes this trait. He takes charge of the others' peeves, metes out retribution, and takes the heat for it.
- Solana: 4. She can get peeved, especially if you do something upsetting to her friends. However, she never flies off the handle.
- Vic: 1. He can't get bothered nowadays, at least with intradimensional characters. He trusts the Storyteller's plans, and puts him at peace. If anything, he's more likely to fall into despair if something incredulous transpires.

# Icebreaker 118

> Your characters pay for a night in a cabin before they continue off to their next destination. It's a cliché dark and story night. An unaccounted-for open wind blows out the cozy fire, and the only source of warmth in the cabin is now gone. Something creaks at the window—a growling noise. What is it? Or rather, how do your characters react to it? ([2024-03-31](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1224136103209205873), Kiwi).

[hypothetical]

If the noise is a cryptid:

> Vic requests the cryptid to wait until morning so as to not tarnish his sleep schedule even more. After the cryptid reacts unfavorably, he sighs, plucks a few of the cryptid's hairs (to study later), and portals the rest of it 20 kilometers away.

If the noise is a wild beast:

> Solana is comfortable with nature and wildlife, so she—and Clementine, if accompanying her—would keep her cool dealing with it.

If the noise is nothing:

> Solana is the one with the most experience out of doors, so she is the first to check the noise out. Depending on the time of night, Alis may or may not be up. If he is up, Solana asks him to check the area for any creatures with higher cognitive functions. If there's nothing to be found, Vic launches his own investigation into what triggered the noise. This investigation would lead deep into the night if not for Alis forcing him to _just go to bed_.

# Icebreaker 119

> Regarding your universe's magic system:
>
> - What's something magic can do?
> - What's something magic _can't_ do?
> - What's a price/toll using magic incurs?
> - What does it feel like to use magic?
>
> ([2024-04-04](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1225436043092819989), [source](https://www.reddit.com/comments/dc6c2r/))

- **What's something magic can do?** Magic in my universe follows an elements-based system. Organisms can, whether naturally or supernaturally, acquire a set of thematic abilities that complement their ordinary skill set. Vic, for instance, has ice, portals, and dream manipulation as his core magics. Much of the science of this universe is dedicated to the study and application of these abilities.
- **What's something magic _can't_ do?** Magic cannot be used to defy death or manipulate time. Furthermore, specific types of magic have their own limitations. Otherwise, the limits of magic are left to the imagination of its wielder—after all, much of the fun of this universe is by finding unorthodox applications of established mechanics.
- **What's a price/toll using magic incurs?** Magic is freeflow in nature; people in my universe use magic as people in real life use skills such as gleeking or unicycling.
- **What does it feel like to use magic?** Inherently, magic is just another ability available to people. People expend energy using magic and can strain themselves from overexertion.

# Icebreaker 120

> Go back and look through your character art and writing. Are there any biases you seem to have when making characters? ([2024-04-11](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1227943089071591474), Kiwi)

Commonalities between my characters include:

- Geometry that reduces to simplified forms.
- Hairstyles that are characters in of themselves.
- Deceptively tricky clothing items.
- An affinity for foxes and/or cats.
- Being too clever by half.
- Being written as competent.
