---
humorous:
  - '"Oh hey!" Solana chimes in, her smile plump-cheeked. "We managed to find ourselves."'
  - biological computing
  - florentine
  - spaghettification
  - Unspoken Plan Guarantee
tags:
  - alis
  - "location: Alis's lab"
  - "pov: solana"
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Vignette 073 – IDP-002

> [It had been several days since Solana had scheduled an event to set up a second interdimensional portal.](../2024-q1/2024-03-10_vignette-072_moving-day.md) Over the course of these days, the Vics installed the fixtures, circuits, and biological agents needed to prepare the portal for activation, and of this morning, IDP-002 (as it had been designated) was now undergoing its final readiness checks.
>
> Vic had just finished reciting the portal's schemata as a final check, to which Solana reviewed and approved. Alis had configured the destination coordinates for the initial portal activation. And of course, for when they inevitably hit midday and skipped it, Solana had gone ahead and ordered lunch, a spinach chicken dish with a side of tomato soup.

---

> "...I must admit, I'm intrigued," Alis says.
>
> "We have the sensors to identify and measure the composition of target dimensions. We have an existing record of coordinates to extant dimensions.
>
> "...Yet, to my understanding, our next course of action involves us gallivanting from this universe into worlds unknown, without any trace of precaution or safety measures."
>
> His eyes deliver Vic an earnest scoff. "If I didn't know you, Armin, I would be more concerned with your methods."

---

> "It's narrative irony at its finest, isn't it?" Vic comments. "The more time we spend planning, the higher the chance our work completely and utterly fails."
>
> "As applies the obverse." (In other words, the less they plan, the more things should go right.)
>
> "Quite!"
>
> "If that is to be believed," Alis says, "then it is pertinent I extend my well-wishes. Upon activating the switch, it is my hope that we are to be instantly jettisoned into a gravitational well and our bodies stretched into monofilament fiber."
>
> Which is to say, when IDP-002 hummed to life, they found themselves peering through the portal's aqua-tinted veil and discovering, past the other side, a spacious, russet-colored room, three very specific people, and IDP-002.
