---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 113

> How does your universe's rules system operate? ([2024-02-25](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1211175947353718804), [Modeling-Cloy](https://tumblr.com/modeling-cloy), [source](https://cemeterything.tumblr.com/post/743024147742031872/))

Judging by the image in the prompt, my universe operates under fae rules. Given the presence of magic, the universe's rules are pliable to begin with. However, people who can find and exploit the right loopholes can find further delight.

Traditionally, the master of exploiting loopholes is Vic:

- His signature portal style developed from the limitations of portal mechanics. For instance, upon learning he can't use portals as free-floating submolecular blades, he quickly used his portals as free-floating _restraints_ instead.
- He applies his cryogenic powers in very creative ways. For instance, he has taken advantage of their refraction index as a means of obfuscating his true location, and he has taken advantage of his secondary resistance to the cold to enjoy cold treats mid-winter.
- He is the sort of character who enjoys exploiting loopholes recreationally. [In a non-canon scenario,](../2023-q1/2023-02-16_vignette-023_apotheosis.md) I give him a TARDIS for one minute to give him some fun.

# Icebreaker 114

> If your characters were interrogated for a crime they committed, who would get away with it, and who would testify against themself? How does this change if they were charged for a crime they didn't commit? ([2024-02-29](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1212713481455931412), Kiwi)

- Alis/Vic, valid charge: Vic collaborates with Alis to exonerate him of any attempted murder charges—despite Vic also being the victim.
- Alis/Vic, invalid charge: Does not hesitate to employ Arclight and/or Oneiros to restore moral balance to an immoral scenario. Either person will attempt to find a peaceful solution first, before resorting to penitentiary methods.
- Solana, valid charge: Does not commit any offenses that would put her in an interrogation room.
- Solana, invalid charge: Becomes emotionally triggered and slowly breaks down inside. Solana values honesty and cooperation, so a miscarriage of justice is antithetical to her. There is no universe in which she would be able to negotiate comfortably with someone morally corrupt.

# Icebreaker 115

> All of your characters enter the same market in business, acting as direct competition to one another. What is the outcome? Do they end up working together (possibly illegally), develop the best marketing strategies and outcompete others, or even sabotage? Who comes out on top with the most market share? ([2024-03-02](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1213624932936978482), Kiwi)

Canonically, Alis, Solana, and Vic work together at a private company named Arklight Limited. As Arklight is highly exclusive in nature, they are not the type to create any sort of public-facing marketing.

Assuming a non-Arklight scenario, Solana prevails due to her being the only person with experience with people.

# Icebreaker 116

> All of your characters watch a sad movie together in a place away from the public. How do they react to the movie? E.g., critically, emotionally, "boring", etc. ([2024-03-09](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1215908268547899453), Kiwi)

- Alis: To be quite honest, movies never piqued his attention. He is grateful Solana invited him to a movie night, but ultimately, he declines the offer.
- Solana: Gets sentimental and weepy-eyed by the end of the movie.
- Vic: Isn't a stranger to loss, so seeing it in a cinematic format rends him just the same. He stays by Solana's side as she works out her emotions.
