---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 133

> Do you have any dead characters? If so, how did you kill them off? ([2024-06-20](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1253506491667841175), [source](https://www.reddit.com/comments/1dh5xwh/))

- The event that haunts Vic's past is his murder of a Goldhorn by the name of Zada. During the Adventure Arc, he used his ice abilities to impale her on a spike of ice.
- Vic's existence is a Ship of Theseus. In the past, he had his appearance transformed, memories removed, and soul fragments replaced. With each experience, a part of who he was died, yet his identity, seemingly, persists.

# Icebreaker 134

> Which genre does your characters' narrative belong to, if any? ([2024-06-23](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1254402653983866972))

Roughly speaking, my narrative can be classified under the "slice of life" genre. Instead of an overarching plot, the narrative offers small glimpses into these characters' lives. The narrative dips into comedy, puzzle, romance, and thriller at times, but it never commits to any of these genres.

# Icebreaker 135

> What kind of person would your characters make good friends with? ([2024-06-29](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1256612394184998973), Kiwi)

- Alis: As he is prone to walling himself off, Alis is difficult to form a meaningful relationship with. You would need a character who is dogged in just the right way to break through to him. The Manic Pixie Dream Girl archetype, for example, has a good chance of succeeding. Alternatively, a gentle character can force him to show restraint and get in touch with his softer side.
- Solana: Solana is easy to get along with but hard to forge a deep connection with. She doesn't have many unmet needs and desires, so she doesn't gravitate towards any character archetype over any other. The only exception is that she avoids completely irredeemable characters.
- Vic: Vic operates differently depending on whether he wants to have fun with or whether he wants to be compassionate towards the target character. If he wants to have fun, he'll get flashes of inspiration and blather on about them. As long as the recipient can keep pace, you'll gain his interest. If he is compassionate, he will show restraint and be supportive.
