---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 124

> Which strong drink best represents your characters? ([2024-04-29](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1234512744116649986), Sunfished, [source](https://twitter.com/UncrownedJules/status/1784793975167328554))

- Alis: Mint julep. Alis is associated with minty flavors. Many alcoholic beverages incorporate mint into their flavor profile. Not many outside of mint juleps use mint as a primary flavor, however. Note that this beverage is not a perfect match, as it is associated with the southern United States, which does not match him.
- Solana: Strawberry mojito. Solana is associated with the color red and is sweet, much like strawberries.
- Vic: Frozen daiquiri. Vic enjoys ice creams, and rum is a flavor used in certain ice creams.

# Icebreaker 125

> Where do your characters fall on the Sunshine/Depressed/Feral × Badass/Assshole/Dumbass/Smartass alignment chart? ([2024-05-03](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1235989461318242417), Gravity Monkey)

- Alis: Depressed × Asshole
- Illustrator: Depressed × Dumbass
- Neko: Feral × Dumbass
- Nia: Sunshine × Dumbass
- Solana: Sunshine × Badass
- Storyteller: Depressed × Smartass
- Vic: Feral × Smartass

# Icebreaker 126

> What would a movie adaptation get wrong with your world? ([2024-05-05](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1236630920933543976), [source](https://www.reddit.com/comments/1ckebv0/))

Given its long-form and closed-ended nature, my answer assumes _Shaved Ice_ is the work to be adapted.

Assuming a Hollywood adaptation:

- The source story keeps itself to a small cast and stakes. A movie adaptation would increase the stakes and involve saving the world.
- The source story features magical creatures. A movie adaptation would replace these creatures with budget-friendly options. The gryphon-riding scene would be adapted out altogether.
- The third act would be more Hollywood. Instead of battling Alis with words, Monaghan would probably overcome him through heroic willpower.
- After the credits, Vic shows up via portal to invite Alis to the Arklight initiative.

Assuming an anime film adaptation:

- The main characters would be aged down three years or so.
- The gryphon-riding scene would be expanded upon (e.g. if Miyazaki's films are any indication.)
- The ending would be more bittersweet and poignant than future-forward.
- The big revelations in the story would not work, assuming a Japanese-language studio. However, this may be balanced out by a more psychological tone to the movie.
