---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 099

> How do your characters react upon being offered a banana? ([2023-10-31](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1041838659277688903/1168946085172088943), Chillie)

- Vic appreciates the gesture. Unlike the fruits he enjoys the most, however, it is neither red nor particularly sweet, so he's confused why he was offered one.
- Solana is tickled. She knows she was clearly offered a banana since bananas are known for their randomness, potassium, radiation, and fiducial use. Once she receives the banana, she stores it away to eat later.
- Alis simply wonders _why_.

# Icebreaker 100

> To your characters, what does it mean to love? ([2023-11-25](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1177987368582660146))

> If you asked ten people what love meant, you would receive ten different answers. Because of this, Vic has an aversion to love—not as a concept but, rather, as a word in the English language.
>
> Does "love" mean to feel certain emotions towards someone? Does it refer to specific performative acts? Is it something that can only be recognized instead of labeled? Vic finds the term all but meaningless.
>
> Vic prefers much more discrete terms. For instance, Solana is someone he cares about and, moreover, wants to care for. Furthermore, Solana is someone he can confide in more than anyone else he knows. Lastly, Solana is someone to which he is eager to say "good morning" every day.
>
> To Vic, love is meaningless, and yet, it means more than anything than he can ever know.

# Icebreaker 101

> What are your characters bringing to the multiversal potluck? Vic and Solana are hosting. ([2023-12-17](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1186145461573267536))

> While the other invitees are bringing their own dishes and engaging in seasonal shenanigans, Vic can't decide whether to play along or whether he should act as the responsible one.
>
> Alis, who is invited, suggests Vic take on the former role—and if Vic finds the need to assume an alternate role, Alis can ordain in Vic's stead.
>
> Upon hearing the suggestion, Vic tells Alis he appreciates the support.

---

> It's not long until Vic's mind wanders off to alternative solutions. Considering how he can rely on Alis as his metaphorical 'shadow', he muses if he should delegate responsibilities to another instance of himself. Then, he wouldn't have to choose which role to play.
>
> I interrupt him, stating that two instances of him are quite enough.
>
> Vic complains Alis shouldn't count. Similarities aside, it's dehumanizing to treat Alis solely as an 'instance' rather than his own person. ...That said, however, he supposes any such hypothetical instances would fall to the same standard.

---

> Alis notices Vic's pique, then asks if something is the matter.
>
> Vic says it's just me, then asks if Alis could not pry onwards, to which Alis agrees.
>
> Moments later, Vic tells Alis he's grateful he's here.
