---
tags:
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 098

> How do your characters respond to being trapped in an elevator all day? What happens the moment the elevator fails? How do they spend hours trapped in the elevator? How do they get out? ([2023-10-01](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1158144135144935444), [source](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/pixar/storytelling/character/a/warmup-activity))

---

> Vic's immediate reaction is mild distress; why did this happen to him now and then?
>
> He first asks himself whether his abilities would resolve things.
>
> Portals wouldn't help, since he can only use them in places he could access normally. His ice abilities could be helpful, but he figures the damage they would cause to infrastructure would cost more than the time spent waiting out a few hours.

---

> Vic dials the lab to let Solana and Alis know about his current predicament, only to find he's unable to get a signal.
>
> For several reasons, he's bothered by this.
>
> Firstly, impediments like this compromise his schedule. The amount of time he allocates per activity per day is carefully balanced, so interruptions like this not only set back plans for the current day but also for the following days.
>
> Secondly, impediments like this compromise other people. He values being responsible, so being radio silent for several hours will cause his friends to worry. He doesn't feel comfortable chalking it up to shenanigans at this point, either, especially when he was left for dead so recently.
>
> With little else to do, he pushes the emergency call button, reports his situation to the fellow on the other end of the line, and uses the remaining time to meditate.

---

> While in the elevator, he plans several things to be resolved upon leaving. As the hours wear on, however, he becomes impatient. Eventually, he decides to use his ice abilities to get out... only to find they've stopped working.
>
> Well, that's unfortunate. The neural pathways that control his ice abilities must still be recovering.
>
> He doesn't panic yet, however. He first checks if his portals still work. Upon opening a pair of portals in the elevator cabin, he confirms the answer is 'yes'.
>
> Okay, that's a start.

---

> He then notices how, if he lines up his eyes just right, he can see a light from the elevator's inside to the outside. Perhaps he could line up one portal through the gap and shimmy it to the outside...?
>
> Well, that seems to work. Even if he can't _open_ portals where they need to be, he can still thread them there.
>
> Using that trick, he enters the inside portal and exits through the outside one. He finds he can't close both portals without access to both, so he delicately threads the inside portal out, then closes both.

---

> Now that Vic was outside again, he has a phone signal. He calls the lab and informs the others he will be delayed and return late this afternoon. In addition, he informs the lobby receptionist about the broken elevator and how he doesn't need assistance anymore.
>
> As he continues with his day, he notices how, unplanned circumstances aside, being stuck in an elevator wasn't the worst thing in the world. He wouldn't give up the company of friends, of course, but it was pleasant having a few hours to himself to clear his head.
>
> The idea of spending more time in elevators sticks to his mind for longer than he would like.
