---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - storyteller
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 040 — Sociolinguistic Registers

Among the many ways characters speciate is the manner in which they speak. I don't refer to the way these characters pronounce words, but rather, the words they use and what information they convey to a listener. As an example, the words "yeah" and "yes" have the same semantic meaning, but only "yeah" can be used in an informal context. These variations in language give the reader insights into these characters' personalities.

- Alis: Speaks in a tone that, while not strictly formal, is fairly impersonal.
- Solana: Speaks in a friendly, casual tone.
- Vic: Speaks in a mild, consultative tone.

In particular, Vic prefers the formal equivalent of words when available, such as:

- "maybe" → "perhaps"
- "right" (interjection) → "quite"
- "somewhat" → "rather"
- "sure" → "certainly"

# Elucidation 041 — Color Theory

When I design my characters, I need to take into account each character's color palette. Each character's palette reflects their personality and habits, and each is designed to complement each other. In previous posts, I addressed my thoughts on how each character's palette. However, I've never made note of each character's palette as a system, so this post seeks to correct that.

Alis:

- His palette uses white, pine green, and orange as primary, secondary, and tertiary colors, respectively.
- White is the color of order and perfection, matching Alis's personality.
- Alis's palette contains pine green as a color. As this color is absent from both Solana's and Vic's palettes, this color creates a contrast between him and the other characters.
- The use of orange in Alis's palette matches the use of orange in Vic's palette, tying his design to that of Vic's.
- Aside: In-universe, his hair is the same color as Vic's. In illustrations, it is tinted olive for viewer convenience.

Solana:

- Her palette emphasizes warm hues (red/orange/yellow), with a splash of complementary colors for color balance.
- Solana is sun-themed, so her color palette draws from similar inspirations.
- Solana's bright colors match her vibrant disposition and exotic origins.

Vic:

- His palette uses mild hues (brown and blue), with a splash of warm colors as accents.
- Vic is ice-themed, so his color palette draws from similar inspirations.
- Vic's palette allows him to be drawn in a variety of lighted scenes.
- Vic's palette acts as a frame of reference for other characters to contrast against.

The Storyteller:

- Her palette uses neutral colors, with a predominant focus on the color black.
- As she is moreso a force than a character, the colors used in her palette are not meant to present her as a character. Instead, they are intended to divert attention to the more colorful members of the cast.

# Elucidation 042 — Name Inspirations

Since I started this blog, I never fully explained the origins of my characters' names. [Back in 2021, I provided some insight into the creation of the name "Vicerre".](../2021/2021-07-09_elucidation-002_character-name.md) Since then, however, I've been remiss to explain further.

There's a good reason for that—the inspirations for the names "Alistair", "Armin", and "Solana" come from places I never considered sophisticated. For that reason, I've always been shy to explain.

This has changed. Perhaps it's due to recent life experiences, or perhaps it's due to times changing, but I am comfortable now explaining the origins of my characters' names. Thus, this post describes the inspirations behind my core cast's names.

- Alis: His name is inspired by Allistor from _Death Vigil_, a necromancer who signed a pact with powers beyond the veil to save his daughter from certain death, but in the process, bound her to an [Eldritch Abomination](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/EldritchAbomination).
- Solana: Her name is inspired by a Solena on FurAffinity, a gryphon who was very cute and had Creamsicle-like colors.
- Vic: His first name is derived from Armin the Small of _Neopets_, an armadillo-like creature from the site's [Slippy-Slidey Ice World](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/SlippySlideyIceWorld) and a character referred to as "an unlikely hero".
