---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 106

> If all your characters ended up in a battle royale (at any point in your story), who would win? ([2024-02-07](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1204875412640112730), Kiwi)

Case 1: Assuming unfamiliar opponents:

- Alis is the only one with proclivity towards violence, and relative to the power level of my universe, he's designed to be difficult to incapacitate in a one-on-one matchup. On paper, he should perform admirably in a battle royale. However, battle royales often require interpersonal manipulation. Given this requirement, he may not make significant progress.
- Solana is the type to support others. In a battle royale scenario, she would likely form alliances and extend her services to someone she cares about. In the end, she is likely to sacrifice herself instead of claiming the win.
- Vic has plot armor by virtue of being the Storyteller's darling. He's not afraid of death, and there's no real narrative benefit to beating him, so there's no real reason to fight him. He has a 50/50 chance of either 1. losing but in a way that makes the winner feel awful, or 2. pulling off a maneuver outside the bounds of the scenario that lets everyone escape unharmed.

Comparing the characters listed, I think Alis has the best chance.

---

Case 2: Assuming familiar opponents and friendly terms:

As stated, Alis's is deliberately overtuned to deter physical combat; the ability to control the actions of anyone within a ~0.5 km radius makes it difficult for anyone to deal physical damage to him. Furthermore, I cannot bend the meta-level narrative to give Alis's abilities a weak spot. Given his narrative design, I can't see how Alis loses.

# Icebreaker 107

> What piece of music do you most associate with your characters? ([2024-02-07](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1204961883539505193), [YuIOTJ](https://www.tumblr.com/yuiotj))

[Back in 2022, I described the sort of music I would associate with my characters.](../2022-h2/2022-10-01_icebreaker-011-012-013-014.md) At that point, Alis hadn't become a recurring character, Solana had more Manic Pixie Dream Girl traits, and Vic was scruffier and more eccentric. When writing out my answer to this prompt, the choices of music listed reflected their characterization.

Since then, my characters have evolved. Each of them has since found something personally meaningful and, in the process, become more well-rounded as individuals. Thus, the music associated with their characterization has evolved as well. To ask the same question a year later is to create a comparison between who these characters were then and who they are now.

---

Alis is (ostensibly) the most calculating, cerebral, and methodical member of the cast. A track designed with Alis in mind would use an incessant, droning pattern, with no clearly-defined higher-level structure. This style of track reflects Alis's preference for logic and reason over emotional cues. This style of track lies in stark contrast to those with a clearly delimited intro, climax, and conclusion.

- BPM: 144. The track should be able to alternate between a fast-paced tempo and a slower, more methodical half-time.
- Instrumentation: Electronic instruments, but not necessarily those associated with the techno genre.
- Miscellaneous: A track associated with Alis should use rhythms that are on the beat (i.e. no off-beat/syncopated elements).

Inspirations:

- ["In Motion"](https://youtube.com/watch?v=x5faT66jmG4) (_The Social Network_)

Since the universe nearly collapsed, Solana has grown into a more responsible, if less chipper individual. Likewise, a track associated with her should be upbeat, though less bright compared to her younger self. It would likely use fewer elements from the chiptune genre and instead pull more from classical instruments.

Inspirations:

- ["Atop the World"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwHIaDDGzY0) (_Tower of Heaven_)
- ["Lynne – Red-Headed Target"](https://youtube.com/watch?v=IZuup4SnTfk) (_Ghost Trick_)

Since he forged a relationship with Solana, Vic has mellowed out, although not without retaining his odd sense of humor, though. Likewise, a track associated with Vic would have a mild and somewhat quirky tone.

Inspirations:

- ["Think!" (1997 – 2008 edition)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rVqeKVdmp4) (_Jeopardy!_)
