---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 036 – Lab Rat Roles

I imagine the lab rats as the stagehands of my universe. They never appear in the main storyline, but someone has to clean up after my characters after every scene.

# Elucidation 037 – Oneiros's Potential

Alis is reluctant to use Oneiros to its fullest potential. There are lines he is willing to cross, but none of them extend to cruelty. If he were willing to cross such a line, he could paralyze someone, inflict seizures on them, or make them relive their worst nightmare for virtually eternity.

# Elucidation 038 – Character Personality Aspects

I've always wanted to assign aspects of my personality to my characters. In the past, I tried jotting down each character and assigning personal traits to each. However, I never found an elegant way of matching traits to characters, which left me unsatisfied.

Recently, I've gleaned the neuroscience of mental health. With this knowledge comes an understanding of brain chemicals and their functions.

I've quickly found I can match certain mental qualities to my characters. This forms a clear connection between my own personality traits and those instilled in my characters. In turn, I understand what makes these characters persist over the other characters I've made.

The connections my characters have to mental aspects are as such:

- Alis: Is associated with cortisol. As the character with the most past pain, Alis is the enduring and long-suffering character of my cast. This characterization matches the role of cortisol, a chemical released in stressful situations.
- Armin: Is associated with oxytocin. The snow-white kitsune wants sincerity, kindness, and affection. This characterization matches the role of oxytocin, the "love chemical", which regulates kindness and love.
- Solana: Is associated with cognition. Solana applies situational awareness when reacting to her environment. This characterization matches the role of cognition in human psychology.
- Vic: Is associated with dopamine. Vic enjoys moments such as the "aha" associated with solving a puzzle or the excitement of eating something sweet. This characterization matches the role of dopamine, the chemical responsible for sending pleasurable signals given the right stimulus (such as in the aforementioned cases).

<!--
- Aside: I find Alis to be the hardest character to write because I need to assume a stressful mindset to do so.
-->
