---
tags:
  - puzzle
  - puzzlecraft
  - puzzle hunt
  - puzzlehunt
  - puzzles
---

# Meta 004 – On Puzzles

I was crafting a plot point in _Shaved Ice_ where the protagonists had to uncover information about the cause of the inciting incident. Along the way, however, I found myself struggling to find a lock-key pair that integrated well into the story:

- Physical locks were the easiest to justify, but they didn't provide much narrative value.
- An encrypted file pairs well with the trope of a meaningful password, but I struggled to determine how our protagonists would find this password.
- Other lock-key pairs, such as those found in [Stock Video Game Puzzles](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/StockVideoGamePuzzle), were not immersive within the story.

As the solution to the above, I decided to design a word puzzle, one with a structure similar to that of a cryptic crossword. This would enable the protagonists to discover the password as part of the story.

The problem was, however, that I never crafted a puzzle before.

I'm a casual enjoyer of puzzles. From puzzle games, to riddles, to mechanical puzzles, to the medley of puzzles featured in Puzzle Hunts, solving puzzles provides the right proportion of mental stimulation and payoff to be fun. Post a puzzle, and I will likely get [nerd sniped](https://xkcd.com/356/).

Yet, until last Saturday, I've never been on the opposite side of the equation. The requirement of crafting my own puzzle for a story had nerd-sniped me, and I spent the rest of that weekend working out a puzzle that was not only plot-significant, but also engaging for the reader. I felt like Ariadne (_Inception_) crafting her first maze, designing a trial that takes longer to solve than it is to create.

Eventually, however, I landed on a cryptic clue that I think is brilliant. One would think that I wrote _Shaved Ice_ centered around the puzzle, and yet, it came about through coincidence. I will leave the clue and solution undiscussed for now, but I may consider posting more about it given enough interest.
