---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 079

> If asked, how do your characters answer the question "Where do babies come from?" ([2023-02-27](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1079857404008742982))

> Alis: Tells the person inquiring to look it up instead of bothering him about it.
>
> Solana: Explains in nice G-rated terms.
>
> Vic: Starts by asking if the person knows what DNA is. Eventually spirals into a full biology lecture explaining how reproduction differs between creatures in different kingdoms. And that's only how it works naturally—don't get him started on how to produce a living organism in a lab.

# Icebreaker 080

> Your characters are added to the dictionary (for instance, under the phrase "[name]ing", "to be a [name]", "to pull a [name]", etc). What is the definition? ([2023-02-28](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1080150780587294740))

> To pull a Vic: To do something ostensibly beneficial for someone while simultaneously violating their privacy.
>
> Example sentence: "I have the strongest urge to pull a Vic and train a text-to-image model on your art."

# Icebreaker 081

> Would your characters be able to care for a dog for an entire month? ([2023-03-02](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1080920232027230250), [the-suniverse](https://www.tumblr.com/the-suniverse))

> Alis: Does everything in his power to shoo the dog away. Begrudgingly takes care of it and treats it well when it decides to sticks with him. Claims he doesn't hold any attachment to the dog after the month is over.
>
> Solana: Already takes cares of creatures all the time since Clementine and Nia act as her companions. Taking care of an extra dog is effortless to her.
>
> Vic: Is the dog.

# Icebreaker 082

> Describe how your characters would change if you invert their personality traits. For instance, if they are good-aligned, they become evil, and vice versa. ([2023-03-03](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1081290798378795079), [source](https://www.reddit.com/comments/11g1zy6/))

> Anti-Alis: This version of Alis would be innocent and optimistic, if somewhat shallow. He would befriend people easily, but those friendships wouldn't last long. No matter what losses come his way, he wouldn't mind. His blithe personality makes him hard to connect to emotionally. He would study neuroscience because he thinks brains are neat.

> Anti-Solana: Intimidating, short-tempered, and harsh, this version of Solana couldn't care less about other people. Instead, she would exploit others for her own hedonistic needs. She would enjoy asserting her authority over Clementine and Nia and treating them as beneath her—if they hadn't abandoned her yet.

(I also considered making Anti-Solana cruel to boot, but I don't think regular Solana is pacifistic, so I didn't make Anti-Solana that extreme to match.)

> Anti-Vic: Fastidious and sharply-kempt, this version of Vic has the grace of his universe's overdeity, the knowledge to shape humanity to his desires, and the ambition to use both. He would seek to transcend the bounds of humanity and hold everyone else under his thumb. He might actually be the precursor to the Exogeny.
