---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 072

> If your characters were given a free license to do anything illegal for 24 hours, what would they do and why? ([2023-01-22](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1066761607331459212), [source](https://www.tumblr.com/yourocdoeswhat/171541509196/))

> Solana: Pirate anime/movies/games that are otherwise impossible to experience any other way.
>
> Vic: Is cavalier when it comes to personal space, so trespasses and/or borrows things that don't belong to him (as usual).

# Icebreaker 073

> What four words would make your characters the happiest? ([2023-01-24](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1067520527511601192))

> Alis: You're not so bad.
>
> Solana: Thank you for everything.
>
> Vic: You can retire now.

# Icebreaker 074

> What would your characters' _Pokémon_ nature, _Persona_ Arcana, and Hogwarts house be? ([2023-01-25](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1067987929613488128))

Alis:

- Nature: Lonely
- Arcana: Moon (formerly Death)
- House: Slytherin

Monaghan:

- Nature: Hardy
- Arcana: Justice
- House: Gryffindor

Solana:

- Nature: Mild
- Arcana: Lovers
- House: Gryffindor

Vic:

- Nature: Quirky
- Arcana: Magician (formerly Emperor)
- House: Ravenclaw

# Icebreaker 075

> Your characters are given the monkey's paw. Your characters are not familiar with it and thinks it grants wishes honestly. What do they wish for, and how does the monkey's paw twist their wish? ([2023-01-26](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1068210247866536006))

[hypothetical]

Realistically:

> Alis/Vic wishes for peace and stability in his life, carefully wording his wish as vaguely as possible out of morbid curiosity. -> Has his apartment overtaken by peas growing on trellises.

Poetically:

> Alis: Wishes to see Armin again. -> Gets him back with no strings attached.
>
> Solana: Wishes for new restaurants around the city. -> The city planners tear down half of the local park for them.
>
> Vic: Wishes for fewer restrictions on his ability to cast portals. -> Doesn't come with the required secondary powers needed to not immediately destroy everything in a 6-meter radius upon use.

Sometimes, the cruelest thing you can do to a character is to grant their wish as-is and make them realize that everything they've worked for up to this point was meaningless.
