---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 064

> What small task would your characters rather die than need to do? ([2023-01-14](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1064006029194563604), [source](https://characterbabble.tumblr.com/post/662987992109072384/))

> Alis: Hugging. Alis is terrified of being hurt, so he detests showing vulnerability.
>
> Solana: Picking flowers. Solana empathizes with nature, so she dislikes harming it for vanity's sake.
>
> Vic: Dressing up/down. Vic has a strong sense of self, so he dislikes presenting himself as someone he isn't.

# Icebreaker 065

> When and how would your characters dance? ([2023-01-15](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1064308675092676618), [inspiration](https://www.tumblr.com/questionprompts/675216534219702272))

> Alis: Has never danced a day before in his life. Would rather die than try.
>
> Solana: Performs a jazzy shuffle with light twirling.
>
> Vic: Hasn't danced in ages (if ever). However, is open to the idea should Solana propose it.

# Icebreaker 066

> How do your characters perform in teambuilding exercises? Bonus points for having antagonists and protagonists on the same team. ([2023-01-15](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1064317188015657091), [source](https://www.tumblr.com/questionprompts/187220135193))

Using an [egg drop competition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Egg_drop_competition) as the exercise in question:

> If Vic were a part of the team, he would gladly lead the exercise. He would explain some optimal strategies to keep the egg intact, and he would engage well with both Solana and Alis.

The answer becomes more interesting if Vic were removed from the team.

> At the time of speaking, Solana and Alis just met, so they aren't familiar with how the other person operates.
>
> Solana quickly stumbles into the right idea.
>
> In contrast, Alis finds the exercise asinine, but he plays out the exercise out of respect for Solana. As he was out of touch with the Physical Plane for six months or so, however, he is not the best person to approach this problem.
>
> While collaborating with Alis, Solana realizes he thinks he'll look foolish for attempting and failing this exercise, so she takes responsibility for it.

# Icebreaker 067

> What do your characters look like when pushed to their breaking point? In what scenario would this happen? ([2023-01-16](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1064716603775787028))

[hypothetical]

> Alis: It isn't easy to push Alis to his breaking point; he's still on edge from similar experiences less than a year ago. He knows how he would feel if he were pushed back in that direction, so his experience acts as a shield against further emotional manipulation.
>
> Solana: She is pushed to her breaking point upon seeing someone do something needlessly and senselessly cruel, such as killing a nature spirit for vainglory. She collapses onto her knees and is emotionally wracked as she processes the reason behind the act. She might have a good cry about it privately later that day.

Recipe to push Vic to his breaking point:

> 1. Remove all access and prior knowledge of the fourth wall.
> 1. Kill one of his friends—preferably within his line of sight.
> 1. Let marinate for 2 seconds.

At this point, you should expect the following sequence of events:

> Vic lets out a hollow scoff. He thanks the antagonist for their actions; he hasn't been able to let loose in a very long time.
>
> He impales their feet and arms with ice, then extends an icicle just short of their throat. He states he could kill them right then and there, but death would be too easy an escape from their consequences.
>
> He warns the antagonist that they shouldn't have angered a person with access to a room in the middle of nowhere with the technology to extend their lifespan indefinitely.
>
> Underneath Vic's venom is a deeply grieving man, however; no matter how much he wants the antagonist to suffer, it doesn't change the fact he failed to protect his friends. After he finishes retaliating, he resigns himself to that conclusion, puts up his eccentric veneer, and carries on.
