---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 076

> What are your characters' most iconic moments? ([2023-01-30](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1069782906173669396))

Solana:

> [The stargazing prompt](../2022-h2/2022-11-07_vignette-006_stargazing.md) highlights Solana's insight and awkwardness.

Vic:

> One of Vic's defining qualities is his resourcefulness; instead of strength, he uses his sharp mind to solve problems and escape predicaments.
>
> This is best exemplified through the many diverse and innovative ways he uses his set of supernatural abilities. For instance, not only does he use portals as a method of traveling from Point A to Point B, but he is also able to weaponize them.
>
> One iconic example of his resourcefulness came from Vic's interactions with the second Zada. To test Zada's agility, Vic constructed a maze for Zada. The catch was that the target was behind layers of refractive ice, making it difficult to identify its true location.
>
> When you think of a character that wields ice, "its refractive index" isn't typically the first quality you would find useful. Here, however, it was effective at beguiling the opponent.
>
> Alternatively, [the hot dog eating contest prompt](../2022-h2/2022-10-31_icebreaker-031-032-033.md) seemed to solicit a number of reactions.

# Icebreaker 077

> What cool facts would Steve Irwin tell the audience about your characters and their habitat? ([2023-02-05](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1071831789875757066), moscd, [source](https://www.reddit.com/comments/ilcknh/))

Clementine:

> Docile and aloof by nature, this creature can shoot flames from her mouth up to a distance of 10 meters. If you're companions with her, her four fluffy tails are excellent to hug and snuggle with.

Nia:

> Due to the small size of her physical body, this creature can infiltrate most human settlements with ease. Friendly by nature, Steve Irwin would have no problem befriending her and add her to an episode's introduction at his cabin.

The Exogeny:

> This creature is highly dangerous. Unless you're pure of heart, don't even be in the same _dimension_ as it. It easily corrupts the souls of others and turns them into killing machines.

The Lady of Dreams:

> Capricious by nature, this creature does little all day besides boss her baku minions around while she sits idly in her sky temple. The dream smoke she conjures is known to create life and soothe savage beasts. However, she's a sitting duck if someone is able to wrestle with her; neither her nor her minions would be able to pull an adult human away.

Vic:

> Rarely seen outside the lab or a field study with friends, this creature produces unique displays of wildlife and technology if left unattended. If you spot him in the wild, you can befriend him by asking him about his work.

Zada:

> This creature is the only member of her species. She can grow enough plants in one minute to feed ten people. Her horns are strong enough to dent steel, and they regrow easily. Unfortunately, as she is hunted for her rare and unique properties, her location is kept secret.

# Icebreaker 078

> How would your characters complete a "roses are red" poem? ([2023-02-14](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1075054084916252793))

Alis:

> Roses are red,
>
> Violets are _violet_.
>
> Why admit a lie
>
> to fit a couplet?

(Does not bother trying to adhere to the poetic meter. Instead, uses internal rhyme enjambments shoehorned into a quatrain structure.)

Solana:

> Roses are red,
>
> Violets are blue,
>
> Flowers are pretty,
>
> And you are cute.

(Tries to follow the meter and rhyme but doesn't get it quite right.)

Vic:

> Roses are red.
>
> Or maybe blue.
>
> Give me a day;
>
> I'll make that true.

(Is the only one who composes a quatrain in proper quartus paeon—and an apropos one at that.)

<!-- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foot_(prosody) -->
