---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 068

> What would your characters' _Pokémon_ team themes be? ([2023-01-18](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1065326071207166052))

Alis:

- Theme: methodical, prickly
- Types: Psychic, Steel
- Pokémon:
  - Beheeyem
  - Bisharp
  - Ferrothorn
  - Malamar
  - Metagross
  - Orbeetle _or_ Porygon-Z w/ Tera type: Psychic

Solana:

- Theme: endearing, fluffy
- Types: Fire, Grass
- Pokémon:
  - Braixen
  - Flareon
  - Floragato
  - Ninetales
  - Sawsbuck
  - Gogoat _or_ Meowstic w/ Tera type: Grass

Vic:

- Theme: academic, brisk
- Types: Ice, Psychic
- Pokémon:
  - Musharna
  - Ninetales-Alolan
  - Reuniclus
  - Sandslash-Alolan
  - Vanilluxe
  - Swoobat _or_ Polteageist w/ Tera type: Psychic

<!--
Vic (alternate) (Electric/Flying)

- Dedenne
- Noivern
- (Swoobat)
- Maushold (Tera type:)

- Dragapult
- Scolipede?
- Skarmory
- Staraptor
- Zangoose
- Zoroark


- Arceus
- Deoxys-Normal?
- Dialga
- Ditto?
- Genesect
- Mewtwo
- Silvally
- Xerneas

- Hoopa-Unbound
- Kyurem-Black
- Magearna
- Miraidon
- Naganadel
- Xurkitree

- Alcremie
- Primarina?
- Virizion

-->

# Icebreaker 069

> What are your characters' favorite foods? ([2023-01-18](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1065403128595353640), [Gaboswampert](https://twitter.com/gaboswampert))

> Alis: He doesn't really have strong opinions on particular foods, so he gives the oppressively vague response of "Talixian food".
>
> Solana: Some of her past lives include magical beasts, so she has a penchant for gamey meats—especially offal. She would be a mythology nerd and joke she enjoys the hearts of men, then admit the hearts of chicken are a pretty good substitute.
>
> Vic: Strawberries. [It's a long story.](../2022-h2/2022-11-25_elucidation-015_diet.md)

# Icebreaker 070

> Your characters need to work as a team on a project for a school cultural festival. What do they make? ([2023-01-19](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1065698883696590908), [the-suniverse](https://www.tumblr.com/the-suniverse))

> Alis, Solana, and Vic would transform a classroom into an escape room as their cultural festival project. Vic would design the puzzles, Alis would design the environment, and Solana would design the theme.

# Icebreaker 071

> [On a scale of "completely safe" to "merely okay" to "apocalyptically dangerous", how much do you trust your characters behind the wheel of a vehicle?](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1020875112045613217/1066198901192929311/Howsmydriving.png) ([2023-01-20](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1066198901360705626), moscd)

[hypothetical]

New Quendon is traversable by public/private transportation, so my characters do not need to operate a vehicle under normal conditions. If they did, however, this is what they would do:

> Alis: The quality of Alis's driving depends on his opinion of the passenger. Among friends, he drives conservatively, if at times abruptly. Among others, he deliberately drives aggressively to discourage the passenger from visiting him again. (In summary, 1/3 of the way between "merely okay" and "apocalyptically dangerous".)
>
> Solana: Ensures everyone is buckled up before leaving. Uses turn signals ahead of time. Pays attention to the oil change light and tire pressure. Drives with less coordination than average, but is far from the worst. (In summary, 1/3 of the way between "completely safe" and "merely okay".)
>
> Vic: Drives stick shift. Has a technical style of driving that lets him comfortably pull off tricks that would otherwise be considered hazardous. (In summary, 2/3 of the way between "completely safe" and "merely okay".)
