---
humorous:
  - Middle name?
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Meta 042 – Video Game Player Customization

When playing a game where I need to customize a player character, I create a character that resembles Solana. I do this because of personal self-esteem issues; I'd rather not see more of myself, and instead I'd rather see an idealized, fictional character with my best qualities.

Games in which I have designed Solana-like characters include:

- _Core Keeper_
- _The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim_
- _Pokemon Violet_
- _Starbound_
- _Stardew Valley_
- _Terraria_

# Meta 043 – Hair Colors

On 2025-02-18, I asked a few friends on Discord how they would characterize the color of Alis's hair. From there, I asked how they would characterize the color of my other characters' hair. Here are the responses received:

- Alis: dead grass (YuIOTJ), flaxen/hay (Mos-Quitoxe), tan (EnderTrenton)
- Solana: scarlet/vermilion (EnderTrenton), sunset (Kiwi)
- Vic: ice cream cookie (Kiwi), pine tree (EnderTrenton)

# Meta 044 – Storytelling Inspirations

The storytelling of my universe is inspired by the formative media from my youth. Looking at these works in retrospect, I can identify the following elements taken from it to build my universe:

- AdventureQuest: [Fantasy Kitchen Sink](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FantasyKitchenSink) mentality
- Kingdom Hearts: [Theme Naming](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ThemeNaming), interconnectedness, X is Y plot connections
- _Pokemon_: genre, worldbuilding
- _XKCD_: sense of humor
- _Yu-Gi-Oh!_: philosophical self-exploration

# Meta 045 – Characterization Development

Character design is often an extensive task. For a character to appear deep, a creator needs to plan out many aspects of that character, including personality, appearance, and narrative role. In many cases, character design plays out much like building a profile on a stranger as though the creator were a detective.

When designing new characters, I find that I can't develop them in a single sitting. Instead, I can only understand who they are if I am able to understand how they interact with other characters. Therefore, I develop my characters incrementally.

The increments in which I develop my characters are as follows:

1. Descriptor. The character is identified as an archetype. For instance, I might notice that I am missing a character that embodies kindness and altruism, so I will prototype a character with these traits as their core qualities.
2. First name. The character is granted an identity. It is at this stage the character is "operational", though they might still experience alterations to their design.
3. Last name. This character has become "solidified". At this point, changes to their design tend to transpire in-universe.
