---
tags:
  - arclight
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 025 – Vic's Lamp

[The lamp filled with starlight on Vic's desk](../2022-h2/2022-11-24_vignette-008_synthesis.md) contains a sample of the Arclight virus. Vic keeps a sample of the Arclight virus on his desk for two reasons: one, because it looks neat, and two, because it is an effective "in case of emergency, break glass" tool.

[Despite the security breach,](../2022-h2/2022-10-05_icebreaker-018.md) Vic hasn't added any security measures to the Arclight lamp; it's just sitting on his desk, waiting to be snatched.

# Elucidation 026 – Time Travel

Ever since the dimensional collapse, no one has successfully manipulated time—including Vic. Timelines have become immutable, and thus, time travel is now impossible.

This was not always the case:

- In the past, Armin had access to a pair of devices called vector reversers. This device allowed him to rewind time like a tape reel to a limited extent.
- Vicerre once sought out the Lord of Time at one point. This is a mythical creature with absolute domain over time. Over time, he made significant strides towards this goal. Ultimately, however, he chose to abandon this task as he came to enjoy the present.

(From a Doylist perspective, time travel doesn't exist because it is impossible to write an engaging interactive narrative with it.)

# Elucidation 027 – Spatial Paradoxes

If two universes create interference in a way that triggers a spatial paradox, the combined universe is able to resolve the paradox in a logical and orderly manner to restore its stability.

To resolve the spatial paradox, the combined universe deletes as many paradoxical elements necessary.

For those familiar with the concept of version control software, this concept may seem similar to that of branching code and merge resolution mechanisms.
