---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 019 – Vic and Mortality

The fact that Vic is in regular contact with the overdeity of his universe means he knows he has plot armor. Due to this awareness, Vic's thoughts on mortality are complex:

- Vic is the ultimate example of "I didn't expect to get this far." He graduated from being a one-shot villain -> recurring character -> side character -> main character. Because of this, he considers his existence up to this point a bonus.
- He could tinker with his lifespan if he wanted to. However, he chooses to retain his natural lifespan to better relate to his friends.
- He recognizes that, as a fictional construct, the healthiest option for him is to cease to exist.
- Despite his previous nonchalance towards death, he has found existence more and more attractive—at least, until he's fulfilled his obligations.

# Elucidation 020 – Solana's Lab Role

Solana has multiple roles in the lab:

- She gives peer feedback on designs before they hit the production stage.
- She is the primary person to test subjects after production.
- She acts as liaison with clients at the start and end of the process. One of her primary objectives is to explain how to care for their creature.

# Elucidation 021 – Oneiros Mechanisms

Oneiros uses genetic signatures to ID users. Alis has admin permissions for Oneiros. [Since Alis and Vic's genetic signatures are negligibly different](../2022-h2/2022-08-05_vignette-003_log.md), Vic has admin permissions as well. If he wanted to, he could disable Alis's thrall. However, he doesn't usually take action; he considers enthralling an act of rebellion, and it's healthier for Alis to figure himself out.

# Elucidation 022 – Holidays

Holidays exist in this universe. If I mention Halloween or Christmas in my writing, you can assume it's narrative shorthand for the in-universe equivalent.
