---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 090

> What kind of chair do your characters prefer to sit in? Do they have a specific, favorite one they own or always go for? ([2023-06-10](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1117051860080148611), moscd)

> Alis: Has an uncomfortable wooden chair in his residence. Prefers the chairs in Vic's lab.
>
> Solana: Is comfortable sitting cross-legged on the ground. Otherwise, has a couch in her place that sees use.
>
> Vic: Has a set of vaguely sci-fi/minimalist office chairs in the lab.

# Icebreaker 091

> Your characters must fight in a battle royale. How do they fare? ([2023-06-19](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1120535927161372693))

> Alis: Out of the members of Team Arklight, Alis has strongest will to live and the most to live for. In a life-or-death situation, he grasps for life most readily.
>
> Solana: While she knows she will reincarnate, Solana cherishes life too much to waste her current life. In a life-or-death situation, she will compete for her survival, but ultimately, she would let someone else live.
>
> Vic: [Thanks to his past, Vic has a detached attitude towards death.](2023-04-09_elucidation-019-020-021-022.md) In a life-or-death situation, he will gladly cooperate with others to help with their needs. In addition, he is in contact with the overdeity of his universe. He knows I can rescue him from certain doom if necessary, and he abuses this fact.

# Icebreaker 093

> What gemstones would your character be? ([2023-06-20](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1120756849994645654), [the-suniverse](https://www.tumblr.com/the-suniverse))

> Alis: Bismuth. This metal grows in unnatural-looking shapes, matching Alis's own unnatural developments.
>
> Solana: Sunstone. This crystal is named after the sun and has a pleasant warm color, matching Solana's warm, sunny aesthetics.
>
> Vic: Amber. This substance is known for preserving organic material, matching Vic's bioengineering profession.
