---
humorous:
  - Galabagos
tags:
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 067 – The Lab Island

Vic's lab resides on a floating island overlooking the main of New Quendon.

About the island:

- The island is held afloat using electromagnetic currents.
- The island receives power from the mainland through industrial-level portals.
- Outside of the lab, the island is fairly undeveloped.

The primary fixtures on the island include:

- the cherry tree
- Vic's lab

Additional fixtures on the island include:

- benches
- a fence around the island's perimeter
- a nice flowerbed surrounding the cherry tree
- a path from the lab to the cherry tree
- a running source of water (a fountain and/or stream)
- a transit network of 15 cm pipes (for the lab rats)
- foliage

# Elucidation 068 – Orange Diamonds

The character design for Alis and Vic include orange diamonds as a shared motif. These diamonds have persisted as a design element since the inception of this blog, and yet their narrative meaning remained a mystery, even to me.

After analyzing their character designs, I have more insight into their inclusion:

- Like Alis and Vicerre, diamonds are narrow.
- Like Alis and Vicerre, diamonds are pointed.
- The frequency of diamonds on their person scales with how adversarial they want to come across to people. With nine diamonds, Alis is very adversarial, so he wears nine diamonds. Vic is less so but still holds an edge, so he wears two diamonds on his person.
- The diamonds are colored orange specifically to contrast the absence of orange from their color palette. Furthermore, the use of orange in this capacity contrasts with Solana.

# Elucidation 069 – Genetic Engineering

Vic offers two levels of genetic engineering as a part of Arklight Limited's public services:

In-place extensions:

- are used for minor augmentations (e.g. attaching a set of wings)
- require a genetic sample
- can often be applied within 30 minutes (for a common augmentation type)
- are delivered via intraspinal injection

Full-body reconstructions:

- are used for fundamental changes (e.g. appearance, gender, Sparks)
- require a genetic sample
- require the transfer of consciousness from the old and new bodies
- require the termination of the old body

# Elucidation 070 – Design Simplifications

When drawing characters in a style of limited size (e.g. chibi or pixel art), I need to simplify elements of their designs. Examples of such simplifications include:

- Alis:
  - Reduce the # of buttons on his coat
  - Remove the "hooks" on his coat
- Solana:
  - Reduce the # of buttons on her blouse
  - Remove her eyelashes
  - Remove her hairband
  - Remove her neckband
  - Remove her shoe details
  - Remove her tail
- Vic:
  - Remove his ponytail
  - Simplify the twists in his scarf
  - Turn his scarf into an infinity scarf
