---
tags:
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 041

> What secrets do your characters have? Do they have any dark secrets that would ruin their lives if they were made public? What about hidden agendas? Guilty pleasures? Confessions? ([2022-11-09](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1039909581842808922))

Vic:

> - He enjoys it when Solana ruffles his hair.
> - The answer to the answer to tomorrow's prompt.

Solana:

> - Her plans for the holiday.

# Icebreaker 042

> Describe how your characters sneeze. ([2022-11-09](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1039993922795098224))

Solana:

> - Middling intensity and volume.
> - On the wet side.
> - Usually sneezes in pairs.
> - Sneezes into her arm.

Vic:

> - Airy, with a bit of a cough behind it.
> - Fairly subdued.
> - Sneezes into the air to his side.

# Icebreaker 043

> What do your characters do when they get sick? ([2022-11-10](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1040248005472821288))

> The cup of hot tea was appreciated.
>
> The fruitcake was... not _fully_ unexpected.
>
> Solana was huddled on the couch, bundled in blankets and kitsune tails. Vic was on the same couch, a short distance away. On Solana's other side was a side table. A tissue box was on top, and a garbage bin was below, a few used tissues in it already.
>
> "It's just a little cold!" she says, sniffling. "I'll be back to full health in a few days."
>
> "I'm aware," Vic replies.
>
> Solana sighs. "That's not going to stop you from sending me treats, is it?"
>
> "Not at all."
>
> She smiles.
>
> She reaches for the tea and presses against it, letting its warmth spread to her hands. "You're not worried about catching anything, huh?'
>
> He half-shrugs. "I'll consider it more when you tell me the virus is more than 'a little cold'."
>
> Solana grumbles to herself, then lets out a light sigh. "Dang it."

---

> Solana takes a sip of her tea. "It's really good," she says. "What kind of tea is it? It's flowery, but it has an earthy taste to it at the same time."
>
> Vic looks at Solana with a curious expression. "You still haven't figured it out yet, have you?"
>
> Solana pauses, then looks in her cup. The liquid was rose-tinted, and there was tea leaf residue on the bottom. Neither stood out as unusual.
>
> "The flowery taste is from a hibiscus infusion," Vic says. "As for the earthy taste... you should know better than anyone else where that came from."
>
> Solana thinks, pauses, and asks, "Can I get another hint?"
>
> A moment later, Vic replies, "I used the same leaves to brew you iced tea on the [28th of September](2022-09-26_icebreaker-006.md). I could not have used those leaves earlier than the [24th of September](2022-10-01_icebreaker-011-012-013-014.md)."
>
> Solana scratches her head. Iced tea in late September?
>
> Oh, that was the day Vic took them to the beach, wasn't it?
>
> She thinks about what happened a few days before that.
>
> It takes a moment, but she remembers. Her eyes widen.
>
> "...Oh, _goddammit_."
