---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Elucidation 032 – Universal Travel

Alis is a character who hails from a different universe than Vic's. The universe acts as a parallel dimension to Vic's, and as such, it has its own mechanics.

- Alis's universe lags behind Vic's by nine years. In effect, this means that entering or exiting his universe simulates the effect of traveling nine years into the past or future, except this involves no actual time travel.
- The flow of time is the same between Alis's and Vic's universes. This means the two universes stay synchronized.

# Elucidation 033 – Kitsune Abilities

Kitsune are one of the many species of mythical creatures in my narrative. As such, they have unique abilities:

- They are highly fire-tolerant. As such, they can act as fire blankets in a pinch.

# Elucidation 034 – Character Design Philosophy

When I illustrate my narrative, I need to determine how my characters should be drawn. For my narrative, I apply the following design philosophy:

- My characters need to be readable. In other words, they should generally be iconic and distinct when drawn from multiple scenes and angles.
- My characters must be easy to draw repeatedly.
- My characters must look natural when acting out scenes. For instance, a litmus test of how natural a character looks might be to draw them eating a sandwich or sitting on the bus. As a bonus, drawing a character this way forces the designer to think about how their personality plays into these actions.

# Elucidation 035 – Sleeping Conditions

[In one Vignette, my characters held a sleepover at Vic's apartment.](2023-07-16_vignette-035_midsummer-night.md) During the sleepover, my characters had to sleep, naturally. [As Vic's apartment only has one bed](2023-07-17_illustration-024_floor-plan.md), you may wonder how they determined sleeping conditions. This is how:

- Clementine took the bed. Both Solana and Vic treat her well, so they don't mind if Clementine wants to sleep somewhere comfortable. In addition, Clementine does not want to share a bed with Solana on a hot summer night due to Clementine's ambient body temperature.
- Solana unfolded a sleeping bag onto the floor. As an outdoorsy person, Solana is accustomed to setting up camp in the wild, so sleeping on the floor comes naturally to her.
- Vic portaled the armchair in the main room into the bedroom and reclined on it for the night. He knows his sleeping conditions are far from perfect, but he is also content to deprive himself of this luxury for one evening, especially if it's for Solana's sake.
