---
tags:
  - alis
  - solana
  - vicerre
---

# Icebreaker 094

> What's the deal with your characters' hair? ([2023-08-22](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1143614845602766979), [source](https://www.tumblr.com/characterbabble/684631659150180352/))

General: Each of my characters is themed after certain shapes. These shapes appear in the character's body shape and outfit, including hair design.

Solana (☼):

> Solana is inspired by Ninetales, so her hair is designed after flames, fox tails, and sun iconography. In addition, it unintentionally resembles soft-serve ice cream.

Vic (◊):

> Vic is a work in progress, so his hairstyle evolves over time. Originally, he was never meant to be anything but a one-shot character, so I didn't put thought into his art style. As my art style and his character evolved, however, so did Vic's hair.
>
> In general, Vic's character design uses lozenge shapes. This is reflected in his hair, which resembles a lozenge tilted 90 degrees.
>
> At the moment, his hair is undergoing several changes. Since he has mellowed out, he has grown out his hair. As he adheres to lab safety protocols, he pulls his hair into a ponytail. Lastly, due to his latent ice abilities, his hair is turning white.

Alis (✕)

> As Alis is a variation on Vic, Alis's hair is a variation on Vic's. He diverged from Vic's design early on, as evident in his hairstyle having two hair tufts instead of one. In addition, he has Vic's bangs. In addition, Alis's hair inverts the shape language used by Vic's hair; whereas Vic's hair uses convex shapes, Alis's hair uses concave ones.

- [Bonus sketch](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1031694106717589544/1143667081930342440/image.png)

# Icebreaker 095

> How do your characters take to spicy food? ([2023-08-23](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1143995140638257272))

Using a spiciness scale of 0 – 10, where 0 is without any spice and 10 is the highest possible amount of spice offered at a representative restaurant:

- Alis: Doesn't want to pay attention to his diet, so he isn't interested in spicy foods. Under normal circumstances, he caps out at 2/10.
- Vic: Enjoys a pinch of spice as much as any other flavor, but finds capsaicin irritating. He caps out at 3/10.
- Solana: Is adventurous, so she'll try a wide variety of foods.

## Bonus passage

> Solana asks Alis whether he can use Oneiros to make someone eat food spicier than what they can handle normally.
>
> Alis deflects by asking why she asked.
>
> Solana explains she is curious about whether Alis can help her eat spicier foods. Besides, it's fun to think about the [Mundane Utility](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MundaneUtility) applications of Alis's ability.

# Icebreaker 096

> What are your characters like at their best? What are your characters like at their worst? ([2023-08-25](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1144647487613845735))

Assuming they are interacting with a stranger:

Alis

- At his best, he's surprisingly gentle and honest. You would notice small, silent graces in your life you wouldn't have encountered otherwise.
- At his worst, he's genuinely callous and cruel; if you put him in a foul mood, he would break you on multiple levels.

Solana

- At her best, she's bubbly, upbeat, and supportive of others. You would be able to rely on her to make your day.
- At her worst, she would break under the pressure of her insecurities and become an anxious, hapless wreck.

Vic

- At his best, he's frighteningly capable. He would BS you out of your predicament and offer you a side of ice cream with it.
- At his worst, he's erratic and self-destructive. He would be prone to triggering events that threaten the existence of the universe.

# Icebreaker 097

> Would your characters eat a Tide Pod? ([2023-08-26](https://discord.com/channels/448538687983321098/1020875112045613217/1145126300307173477), moscd)

[hypothetical]

> Alis argues who in their right mind would see laundry detergent and try to eat it.
>
> Vic remarks on how humans evolved to identify fresh food and how our modern environment can confuse those basal intuitions.
>
> Alis wasn't looking for an explanation, but he lets the matter go.
>
> Solana has to admit how juicy they look.
